Contents
Introduction                                             1

Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008, Act 749                2-28

Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007, Act 738                  29-58

Borrowers and Lenders Act, 2008, Act 773                59-80

Central Securities Depository Act, 2007 Act 733        81-116

Credit Reporting Act, 2007, Act 726                    117-154

Fair Wages and Salaries Commission Act, 2007 Act 737   155-167

Foreign Exchange Act, 2006, Act 723                    168-186

Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008, Act 770               187-209

Non-Bank Financial Institutions Act, 2008, Act 774     210-238

APPENDIX

ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006 L.I. 1825         239-278
Introduction

This third compilation of Banking and Financial Laws of Ghana brings together all laws
pertaining to the banking and financial industry passed between 2006 and 2008.

Significant and rapid changes in the financial system over the past two years has
necessitated the promulgation of new laws and regulations, hence the need to put
together the third volume in the series. It is hoped that, together with the first two
volumes, users will be provided with a comprehensive reference source for this group
of laws. Further compilations will be published as and when necessary.




Library and Documentation Office
I.D.P.S Department
March 2009




                                          1
Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008
           (Act 749)
                       Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008               Act 749


                            ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS
Section
                                    Money laundering
 1.   Money laundering
 2.   Aiding and abetting money laundering activities
 3.   Penalty for money laundering
                               Financial Intelligence Centre
 4.   Establishment of Financial Intelligence Centre
 5.   Objects of the Centre
 6.   Functions of the Centre
 7.   Governing body of the Centre
 8.   Functions of the Board on policy formulation
 9.   Tenure of office of members
10.   Meetings of the Board
11.   Disclosure of interest
12.   Committees of the Board

13.   Allowances

                        Administrative and financial matters
14.   Appointment of Chief Executive Officer
15.   Functions of the Chief Executive Officer
16.   Appointment of Deputy Chief Executive Officer
17.   Appointment of other staff
18.   Funds of the Centre
19.   Accounts and audit
20.   Annual report and other reports
                 Accountable institutions, records and information
21.   Accountable institutions
22.   Register of accountable institutions
23.   Accountable institutions to keep records
24.   Duration for keeping records
25.   Unauthorised access to computer system or application data
26.   Unauthorised modification of computer system



                                             2
                        Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                      Act 749


27.   Duty of operators of games of chance
28.   Request for information
29.   Information held by supervisory bodies and revenue agencies
30.   Suspicious transaction report
31.   Conducting transaction to avoid giving rise to a reporting duty
32.   Protection against civil or criminal liability
33.   Conveyance of currency to or from the Country
34.   Electronic transfer of currency
35.   Reporting procedures
36.   Continuation of transactions
37.   Intervention by the Centre
38.   Monitoring orders
39.   Offences in relation to records and information
                                        Compliance
40.   Formulation and implementation of internal rules
41.   Training and monitoring for compliance
42.   Referral of suspected offenes to investigating authorities and other public bodies
43.   Responsibility for the supervision of accountable institutions
44.   Offences in relation to compliance
                                Miscellaneous provisions
45.   Extraditable offence
46.   Trial Court and proceedings
47.   Freezing of transactions or accounts
48.   Oath of secrecy
49.   Co-operation by officers of public agencies
50.   Regulations
51.   Interpretation

                                      SCHEDULE




                                            3
                        Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                       Act 749


                     THE SEVEN HUNDRED AND FORTY-NINETH


                                       ACT
                      OF THE PARLIAMENT OF THE REPUBLIC

                                      OF GHANA

                                       ENTITLED

                     ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING ACT, 2008

AN ACT to prohibit money laundering, establish a Financial Intelligence Centre and to
provide for related matters.

                       DATE OF ASSENT: 22nd January, 2008.

ENACTED by the President and Parliament:

                                   Money laundering

Money laundering

   1. (1) A person commits an offence of money laundering if the person knows or
ought to have known that property is or forms part of the proceeds of unlawful activity
and the person

           (a) converts, conceals, disguises or transfers the property,

           (b) conceals or disguises the unlawful origin of the property, or

           (c) acquires, uses or takes possession of the property.

       (2) For the purpose of this Act, unlawful activity means conduct which constitutes
a serious offence, financing of a terrorist act or contravention of a law which occurs
after the commencement of this Act whether the conduct occurs in this country or
elsewhere.

Aiding and abetting money laundering activities

   2. A person commits an offence if the person knows or ought to have known that
another person has obtained proceeds from an unlawful activity and enters into an
agreement with that other person or engages in a transaction where




                                           4
                        Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                         Act 749


            (a) the retention or the control by or on behalf of that other person of the
                proceeds from unlawful activity is facilitated, or

            (b) the proceeds from that unlawful activity are used to make funds
                available to acquire property on behalf of that other person.

Penalty for money laundering

    3. A person who contravenes section 1 or 2 commits an offence and is liable on
summary conviction to a fine of not more than five thousand penalty units or to a term
of imprisonment of not less than twelve months and not more than ten years or to
both.

                              Financial Intelligence Centre

Establishment of Financial Intelligence Centre

   4. (1) There is established by this Act a body to be known as the Financial Intelligence
Centre.

      (2) The Centre is a body corporate with perpetual succession and a common
seal and may sue and be sued in its corporate name.

      (3) The Centre may for the performance of its functions acquire and hold movable
and immovable property and may enter into a contract or any other transaction.

Objects of the Centre

   5. The objects of the Centre are to

            (a) assist in the identification of proceeds of unlawful activity and the
                combat of money laundering activities;

            (b) make information available to investigating authorities, the intelligence
                agencies and the revenue agencies to facilitate the administration and
                enforcement of the laws of the Republic; and

            (c) exchange information with similar bodies in other countries as regards
                money laundering activities and similar offences.

Functions of the Centre

   6. To achieve the objects, the Centre shall



                                            5
                         Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                      Act 749


            (a) process, analyse, disseminate and interpret information disclosed to
                or obtained by the Centre in terms of this Act;

            (b) retain the information in the manner and for the period required under
                this Act;

            (c) inform, advise and co-operate with investigating authorities, supervisory
                bodies, the revenue agencies, the intelligence agencies and foreign
                counterparts; and

            (d) monitor and give guidance to accountable institutions, supervisory
                bodies and other persons on the discharge of their duties and in
                compliance with this Act.

Governing body of the Centre

   7. (1) The governing body of the Centre is a Board consisting of

      (a) one representative each from:

            (i)   the Ministry of Finance not below the rank of director,

            (ii) the Ministry responsible for National Security not below the rank of
                 director,

            (iii) the Bank of Ghana not below the rank of director;

      (b) one senior police officer not below the rank of Assistant Commissioner
          nominated by the Minister for the Interior;

      (c)   the Chief Executive Officer,

      (d) one lawyer in private practice with at least ten years experience nominated
          by the Attorney-General and Minister for Justice, on the advice of the
          Ghana Bar Association, and

      (e) one other person from the private sector with accounting, banking and
          finance experience nominated by the Minister

      (2) The President shall appoint the chairperson and the other members of the
Board in accordance with article 70 of the Constitution.




                                            6
                        Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                       Act 749


Functions of the Board on policy formulation

    8. The Board shall formulate and ensure the implementation of policies necessary
for the achievement of the objects of the Centre.

Tenure of office of members

    9. (1) A member of the Board other than the Chief Executive Officer shall hold
office for a period of four years and is eligible for re-appointment, but a member shall
not be appointed for more than two terms.

       (2) Where a member of the Board resigns, dies, is removed from office or is for
a sufficient reason unable to act as a member, the Minister shall notify the President of
the vacancy and the President shall, in accordance with article 70 of the Constitution,
appoint another person to hold office for the unexpired portion of the member’s term
of office.

      (3) A member of the Board other than the Chief Executive Officer may at anytime
resign from office in writing addressed to the President through the Minister

      (4) A member of the Board who is absent from three consecutive meetings of
the Board without sufficient cause ceases to be a member of the Board.

      (5) The President, by a letter addressed to a member

           (a) may revoke the appointment of that member where there are sufficient
               grounds for the revocation; and

           (b) shall revoke the appointment of a member at the request of the
               nominating body.

Meetings of the Board

  10. (1) The Board shall meet at least once every three months for the despatch of
business at the times and in the places determined by the chairperson.

      (2) The chairperson shall at the request of not less than three of the members of
the Board convene an extraordinary meeting of the Board at the place and time
determined by the chairperson.

      (3) The quorum at a meeting of the Board is three.




                                           7
                        Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                      Act 749


      (4) The chairperson shall preside at meetings of the Board and in the absence of
the chairperson, a member of the Board elected by the members from among their
number shall preside.

      (5) Matters before the Board shall be decided by a majority of the members
present and voting and in the event of equality of votes, the person presiding shall
have a casting vote.

       (6) The Board may co-opt a person to attend a Board meeting but that person
shall not vote on a matter for decision at the meeting.

     (7) The proceedings of the Board shall not be invalidated by reason of a vacancy
among the members or a defect in the appointment or qualification of a member.

      (8) Subject to this section, the Board may determine the procedure for its
meetings.

Disclosure of interest

  11. (1) A member of the Board who has an interest in a matter for consideration by
the Board shall disclose in writing the nature of that interest and is disqualified from
participating in the deliberations of the Board in respect of that matter.

      (2) Where a member contravenes subsection (1) the chairperson shall notify the
Minister who shall inform the President to revoke the appointment of the member.

Committee of the Board

  12. (1) The Board may constitute committees consisting of members of the Board
or non-members or both, to perform a function of the Board.

      (2) A committee of the Board may be chaired by a member of the Board.

      (3) Section 11 applies to a member of a committee of the Board.

Allowances

   13. Members of the Board and members of a committee of the Board shall be paid
allowances approved by the Minister.

                         Administrative and financial matters

Appointment of Chief Executive Officer

  14. (1) The President shall, in accordance with article 195 of the Constitution,
appoint a Chief Executive Officer for the Centre.


                                           8
                        Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                       Act 749


       (2) The Chief Executive Officer shall hold office on the terms and conditions
specified in the letter of appointment.

Functions of the Chief Executive Officer

  15. (1) The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the day to day administration
of the Centre and is answerable to the Board in the performance of functions under
this Act.

      (2) The Chief Executive Officer may delegate a function to the Deputy Chief
Executive Officer but the Chief Executive Officer shall not be relieved of the ultimate
responsibility for the performance of the delegated function.

Appointment of Deputy Chief Executive Officer

  16. (1) The President shall, in accordance with article 195 of the Constitution,
appoint a Deputy Chief Executive Officer for the Centre.

       (2) In the absence of the Chief Executive Officer, the Deputy Chief Executive
Officer shall perform the functions of the Chief Executive Officer.

Appointment of other staff

  17. (1) The President shall in accordance with article 195 of the Constitution, appoint
other staff of the Centre that are necessary for the proper and effective performance of
the functions of the Centre.

      (2) Other public officers may be transferred or seconded to the Centre or may
otherwise give assistance to the Centre.

       (3) The Centre may engage the services of consultants on the recommendation
of the Board.

      (4) The Chief Executive, Deputy Chief Executive and staff of the Centre shall be
subject to security screening.

Funds of the Centre

  18. The funds of the Centre shall include

       (a) moneys approved by Parliament,

       (b) donations, grants, and

       (c)   any other moneys that are approved by the Minister responsible for Finance.


                                           9
                        Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                         Act 749


Accounts and audit

  19. (1) The Board shall keep books of account and proper records in relation to the
Centre in the form approved by the Auditor-General.

      (2) The Board shall, within three months after the end of the financial year,
submit the accounts of the Centre to the Auditor-General for audit.

      (3) The Auditor-General shall, not later than three months, after the receipt of
the accounts, audit the accounts and forward a copy of the audit report to the Board.

      (4) The Internal Audit Agency Act, 2003 (Act 658) applies to this Act.

     (5) The financial year of the Centre is the same as the financial year of the
Government.

Annual report and other reports

  20. (1) The Board shall, within one month after the receipt of the audit report,
submit an annual report to the Minister covering the activities and operations of the
Centre for the year to which the report relates.

      (2) The annual report shall include the Auditor-General’s report.

      (3) The Minister shall, within one month after the receipt of the annual report,
submit the report to Parliament with a statement that the Minister considers necessary.

      (4) The Board shall also submit to the Minister any other report which the
Minister may require in writing.

                   Accountable institutions, records and information

Accountable institutions

  21. (1) For the purposes of this Act accountable institutions are as set out in the First
Schedule.

      (2) The Minister may by Legislative Instrument amend the First Schedule.

Register of accountable institutions

  22. (1) Each supervisory body shall furnish the Centre with a list of accountable
institutions which are registered with it.


                                            10
                        Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                        Act 749


       (2) The Centre shall allocate to each registered accountable institution a number
for identification purposes.

      (3) The Centre shall maintain a register of accountable institutions.

Accountable institutions to keep records

 23. (1) An accountable institution that establishes a business relationship with a
person shall keep records of

           (a) the identity of the person or the agent of the person;

           (b) transaction made through the accountable institution, and

           (c) suspicious transactions reports made to the Centre.

       (2) For the purposes of this Act records maybe kept on a computer system or an
electronic device capable of being used to store information.

      (3) This section applies to each single transaction with an accountable institution.

Duration for keeping records

 24. (1) An accountable institution shall keep the records for

           (a) not less than six years after the date on which a relationship is
               terminated in case of a business relationship, or

           (b) not less than six years after the date a transaction is concluded.

       (2) An accountable institution may appoint a person to keep records on behalf
of the accountable institution.

      (3) An accountable institution that appoints a person to keep records on its
behalf shall inform the Centre of the appointment in writing.

      (4) At the end of the six year period, the accountable institution shall send the
records to the Public Records and Archives Administration Department.

Unauthorised access to computer system or application data

 25. A person shall not



                                           11
                           Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                     Act 749


      (a)      access a computer system,

      (b)      access application data held in a computer system, or

       (c)     cause a computer system
that belongs to, or is under the control of the Centre or an accountable institution to
perform or fail to perform a function without the consent of the Centre or the accountable
institution.

Unauthorised modification of computer system

  26. A person shall not

       (a)     modify,

       (b)     erase, or

       (c)   destroy
the contents of a computer system or application data of a computer system that
belongs to the Centre or an accountable institution without the consent of the Centre
or the accountable institution.

Duty of operators of games of chance

  27. (1) The Gaming Commissioner shall not issue or renew a licence for the operation
of a game of chance under the Gaming Act, 2006 (Act 721) unless the applicant for
the licence or renewal provides proof of the lawful origin of the capital for the intended
operation or in case of a renewal, the origin of its additional capital to the Games
Commissioner.

      (2) A betting or gaming operator shall

             (a) verify the identity of a person who buys or exchanges chips or tokens,
                 by requesting the person to present an authentic document bearing
                 the name and address of the person;

             (b) keep records of gaming transactions in chronological order in a register
                 indicating

                 (i) the nature and amount of currency involved in each transaction,
                     and

                 (ii) the full name and address of the person in a register in a form
                      authorised by the Centre.


                                           12
                         Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                         Act 749


       (3) The register shall be preserved for at least six years after the last recorded
transaction in the register and after the six year period, the register shall be sent to the
Public Records and Archives Administration Department.

Request for information

  28. (1) The Centre or an authorised representative of the Centre may request an
accountable institution to disclose whether

            (a) a person is or has been a client of the accountable institution,

            (b) a person is acting or has acted on behalf of a client of the accountable
                institution, or

           (c) a client of the accountable institution is acting or has acted on behalf
               of another person
and the accountable institution shall comply.

      (2) The Centre may request further information where the Centre is of the
opinion that the information given to the Centre is not adequate.

Information held by supervisory bodies and revenue agencies

  29. (1) Where a supervisory body or a revenue agency becomes aware or believes
that an accountable institution, as a result of a transaction concluded by or with the
accountable institution,

            (a) has received or is about to receive the proceeds of unlawful activities
                or

           (b) has been used or may be used for money laundering or a suspicious
                transaction,
the supervisory body or revenue agency shall advise the Centre of the fact and furnish
the Centre with the information and records in respect of the knowledge or suspicion
which the Centre may reasonably require.

      (2) Where the Centre believes that a supervisory body or revenue agency may
have information indicating that an accountable institution

            (a) is about to receive the proceeds of unlawful activity as a result of a
                transaction, or

            (b) has been used or maybe used for money laundering or for the purpose
                 of any suspicious transaction,
the Centre may request the supervisory body or revenue agency to confirm or rebut
the belief and the supervisory body or revenue agency shall comply.


                                            13
                        Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                         Act 749


Suspicious transaction report

  30. (1) A person who or an institution which knows or suspects that

            (a) a business entity, an accountable institution or a trust has received or
                is about to receive the proceeds of unlawful activity, or

            (b) a transaction to which the business entity is a part

                 (i) facilitated or is likely to facilitate the transfer of the proceeds of
                     unlawful activities,

                 (ii) has no apparent business or lawful purpose,

                 (iii) is conducted to avoid or give rise to a reporting duty under this
                       Act,

                 (iv) maybe relevant to an investigation into tax evasion or an attempt
                      to evade the payment of tax, duty or a levy imposed by legislation,
                      or

                (v) has been used or is about to engage in money laundering,
shall within twenty four hours after the knowledge or the ground for suspicion of the
transaction submit a suspicious transaction report to the Centre.

       (2) Where a person suspects a transaction to be linked to or used for the financing
of a terrorist act as defined bylaw, the person shall make a report to the Centre within
twenty four hours of the suspicion.

      (3) A person who makes a suspicious transaction report shall not

            (a) disclose the contents to another person, or

            (b) reveal the personal details of the officer of the Centre who receives the
                report to another person.

      (4) A person who receives a suspicious transaction report shall not

            (a) disclose the contents of the report to a person not authorised to know
                the contents of the report, or

            (b) disclose the personal details of the person who made the report to
                another person.


                                            14
                         Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                       Act 749


        (5) A person who makes a suspicious transaction report shall disclose the contents
where

             (a) the person is required by law to disclose the contents,

             (b) it is to carry out the provisions of this Act,

             (c) it is for legal proceedings, or

             (d) it is by an order of a Court.

Conducting transaction to avoid giving rise to a reporting duty

  31. A person shall not conduct two or more transactions separately with one or
more than one accountable institution so as to avoid the duty to report a transaction or
in breach of the duty to disclose information under this Act.

Protection against civil or criminal liability

   32. A person who makes a suspicious transaction report under section 30 is not
liable for the breach of a restriction on disclosure of information imposed by contract
or by any law if the person reports the suspicion to the Centre in good faith.

Conveyance of currency to or from the country

  33. (1) A person who intends to convey currency that exceeds the amount prescribed
by the Bank of Ghana to or from this country shall declare the particulars of the
currency and the amount to be conveyed to the Bank of Ghana or its authorised agent
at the port of entry or exit.

       (2) A person authorised to receive the declaration shall immediately on receipt
of the declaration send a copy to the Centre.

      (3) The declaration shall be made in accordance with the Foreign Exchange Act,
2007 (Act 723) and Regulations made under that Act.

Electronic transfer of currency

 34. Where an accountable institution through electronic means and in accordance
with the Foreign Exchange Act, 2007 (Act 723) and Regulations made under that Act,

             (a) transfers currency outside the country, or

             (b) receives currency from outside the country


                                            15
                         Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                         Act 749


which exceeds the amount prescribed by the Bank of Ghana, the accountable institution
shall within twenty-four hours after the transfer or receipt of the currency, report the
particulars of the transfer or receipt to the Centre.

Reporting procedures

  35. (1) A report to the Centre on the conveyance of currency and the electronic
transfer of currency by an accountable institution shall be made in a manner prescribed.

      (2) The Centre or an authorised officer, may request an accountable institution
that has made a report to furnish the Centre or body with additional information
concerning the report.

Continuation of transactions

  36. (1) An accountable institution required to make a report to the Centre may
continue to early out the transaction in respect of which the report is required to be
made but shall inform the Centre.

      (2) The Centre may within three days, direct an accountable institution or a
person not to proceed with a transaction on which a report has been made.

Intervention by the Centre

  37. Where the Centre after consulting an accountable institution, or a person required
to make a report, has reasonable grounds to suspect that a transaction or proposed
transaction may involve the proceeds of unlawful activity or may constitute money
laundering, the Centre may direct the accountable institution or person to

            (a) make the necessary inquiries concerning the transaction, or

           (b) inform and advise an investigating authority,
where the Centre considers it appropriate.

Monitoring orders

  38. (1) A Court may, on written application by the Centre, make a monitoring order
requesting an accountable institution to make a report to the Centre.

      (2) The order may request that transactions conducted by a specified person
with an accountable institution and transactions conducted in respect of a specified
account or facility at the accountable institution shall be reported if there are reasonable
grounds to suspect that


                                            16
                       Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                         Act 749


           (a) that person has transferred or may transfer the proceeds of unlawful
               activity through the accountable institution or is using or may use the
               accountable institution for money laundering, and

           (b) the account or other facility has received or may receive the proceeds
               of unlawful activity or is being or may be used for money laundering
               purposes.

       (3) The order lapses after three months except that before the expiry of the
three months an application may be made to the Court to extend the order for a period
of not more than three months at a time if

           (a) the grounds on which the order is based still exists, and

           (b) the Court is satisfied that the interest of justice may best be served by
               monitoring the person, account or facility referred to in subsection (1)
               and in the manner provided for in this section.

       (4) An application under this section shall be made by one party without notice
to the other.

Offences in relation to records and information

  39. (1) A person who without reasonable excuse

           (a) fails to keep records, contrary to section 23;

           (b) accesses a computer system, application data held in a computer system
               or causes a computer system that belongs to or is under the control of
               the Centre or an accountable institution to fail to perform contrary to
               section 25;

           (c) modifies a computer system contrary to section 26;

           (d) fails to comply with section 27(2);

           (e) fails to or refuses to advise the Centre or an authorised representative
               of the Centre of a client contrary to section 28;

           (f) fails to report a suspicious transaction contrary to section 30;

           (g) fails to protect the identity of the officer of the Centre who receives the
               report contrary to section 30;



                                           17
                        Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                          Act 749


           (h) fails to protect the identity of a person who makes a suspicious
               transaction report contrary to section 30;

           (i)   conducts transactions in a manner to avoid a reporting duty contrary
                 to section 31;

           (j) fails to give notice of the conveyance of currency within, to or from
               the Republic contrary to section 33;

           (k) fails to inform the Centre of the electronic transfer of currency contrary
               to section 34;

           (l)   fails to furnish the Centre with additional information contrary to section
                 35;

           (m) fails to comply with a direction of the Centre and proceeds with a
               transaction contrary to section 37; or

          (n) fails to comply with a monitoring order contrary to section 38,
commits an offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine of not more than five
hundred penalty units or to a term of imprisonment of not more than three years or to
both.

      (2) Where the offence is committed by a company or a body of persons the
penalty shall be a fine of not more than one thousand penalty units, and

           (a) in the case of a body corporate, other than a partnership, each director
               or an officer of the body is considered to have committed the offence;
               and

           (b) in the case of a partnership, each partner or officer of that body is
               considered to have committed that offence.

      (3) A person shall not be convicted of an offence under subsection (2), if the
person proves that the offence was committed without the person’s knowledge or
connivance and that the person exercised due care and diligence to prevent the
commission of the offence having regard to all the circumstances.

     (4) The court shall in addition to the penalty refer the matter to the Bank of
Ghana for administrative sanction where the offence is committed by a bank.

      (5) A court shall refer the conviction of an accountable institution to the
supervisory body concerned for administrative sanction.



                                            18
                        Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                        Act 749


                                      Compliance

Formulation and implementation of internal rules

  40. (1) An accountable institution shall in consultation with the Centre formulate
and implement internal rules concerning

            (a) the establishment and verification of the identity of persons whom the
                institution is required to identify,

            (b) information of which records must be kept,

            (c) the manner in which and the place at which the records must be kept,

            (d) the steps to be taken to determine what a transaction is reportable,
                and

            (e) other matters that an institution may determine.

     (2) An accountable institution shall make its internal rules available to its
employees involved in dealing with transactions to which this Act applies.

       (3) An accountable institution shall, on request, make a copy of its internal rules
available to

            (a) the Centre, and

            (b) a supervisory body which performs regulatory or supervisory functions
                over that accountable institution.

      (4) An accountable institution shall ensure that the foreign branches and
subsidiaries of the accountable institution observe the rules consistent with a subsidiary
company of the accountable institution registered in the Republic.

Training and monitoring for compliance

  41. An accountable institution shall

            (a) train its employees on the provisions of this Act and the internal rules,
                and

            (b) appoint a compliance officer to ensure observance

                 (i) of the provisions of this Act and the internal rules by the employees
                     of the accountable institution, and


                                           19
                        Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                      Act 749


                (ii) of the obligations under this Act by the accountable institution.

Referral of suspected offences to investigating authorities and other public
bodies

  42. Where the Centre has reasonable grounds to suspect that an accountable institution
or a person other than a supervisory body subject to the provisions of this Act, has
contravened or failed to comply with a provision of this Act or a rule or guideline
applicable to the accountable institution or person which facilitates compliance with
this Act, the Centre shall refer the matter to

           (a) the relevant investigating authority, or

           (b) an appropriate supervisory body, a public body or other authority
                affected by the contravention or non-compliance,
together with recommendations considered appropriate by the Centre.

Responsibility for the supervision of accountable institutions

 43. (1) Where the Centre refers a matter to a supervisory body, public body or
authority, the supervisory body, public body or authority shall investigate the matter
and may after consultation with the Centre take steps to remedy the matter

      (2) Where the supervisory body, public body or an authority fails to take steps
to remedy the matter, the Centre may in consultation with the supervisory body, public
body or authority take steps to remedy the matter.

Offences in relation to compliance

  44. An accountable institution, which fails to

           (a) formulate and implement internal rules contrary to section 40, or

           (b) provide training or appoint a compliance officer contrary to section
41, commits an offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine of not more than
five hundred penalty units.

                               Miscellaneous provisions

Extraditable offence

  45. Money laundering and terrorist financing are extraditable offences under the
Extradition Act, 1960 (Act 22).




                                          20
                        Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                       Act 749


Trial court and proceedings

  46. (1) The High Court and Circuit Court have jurisdiction to try an offence under
this Act.

       (2) In a trial for an offence under this Act, the accused person may be presumed
to have unlawfully obtained pecuniary resources or property in the absence of evidence
to the contrary if the accused person,

           (a) is in possession of pecuniary resources or a property for which the
               accused cannot account and which is disproportionate to the accused
               person’s known sources of income, or

           (b) had at the time of the alleged offence obtained access to personal
               pecuniary resources or property for which the accused cannot
               satisfactorily account.

Freezing of transactions or accounts

  47. (1) The Centre shall not investigate serious offences but where the Chief Executive
Officer is of the opinion that it is necessary to freeze a transaction or an account to
prevent money laundering, the Chief Executive Officer may direct the freezing of a
transaction or account of any accountable institution.

       (2) The Chief Executive Officer shall apply to a court within seven days after
freezing a transaction or account for confirmation of the action taken and the court
may confirm the freezing on conditions or direct the de-freezing of the transaction or
account.

       (3) Where a transaction or account has been frozen, the person affected shall be
notified by the Chief Executive Officer within forty-eight hours of the freezing of the
transaction or account and the person affected may seek redress from court.

Oath of secrecy

  48. (1) A person

           (a) appointed to an office,

           (b) appointed to act in an office, or

            (c) authorised to perform a function, under this Act shall swear the oath
of secrecy set out in the Second Schedule before assuming office or before performing
the function under this Act.


                                           21
                        Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                          Act 749


      (2) A person specified under subsection (1) shall not disclose information obtained
by the Centre under this Act from which a person can be identified except

           (a) to enable the Centre carry out its functions,

           (b) for the prevention or detection of an offence,

           (c) in connection with the discharge of an obligation under an international
               agreement,

           (d) to comply with a court order, or

           (e) as otherwise provided under any other law.

      (3) A person who contravenes this section commits an offence and is liable on
summary conviction to a fine of not more than five hundred penalty units or to a term
of imprisonment of not more than three years or to both.

Co-operation by officers of public agencies

  49. (1) An officer of a public agency shall co-operate with officers of the Centre in
the performance of the functions of the officers of the Centre under this Act.

        (2) A public officer who refuses or fails without reasonable summary conviction
to a fine of not more than fifty penalty units or to a term of imprisonment of not more
than three months or to both.

Regulations

  50. (1) The Minister, on the recommendations of the Board, shall by legislative
instrument make Regulations

           (a) to add to or vary the list of accountable institutions;

           (b) on the records to be kept and retained by financial institutions and
               accountable institutions;

           (c) on the format of suspicious transactions reports;

           (d) for the rules and directives for accountable institutions to identify clients
               for the purposes of this Act;

           (e) on the form of reports and other documentation required under this
               Act; and



                                           22
                         Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                      Act 749


           (f) generally for the effective implementation of this Act.

       (2) Despite the Statutory Instruments Act, 1959 (No. 52) as amended, the
penalty for contravention of Regulations shall be a fine of not more than two thousand
five hundred penalty units or a term of imprisonment of not more than three years or
to both.

Interpretation

  51. In this Act unless the context otherwise requires:

     “account” means a facility or an arrangement by which a financial institution
         does anyone or more of the following;

           (a) accepts deposits of currency,

           (b) allows withdrawals of currency or transfers into or out of the account,

           (c) pays cheques or payment orders drawn on a financial institution or
               cash dealer by, or collects cheques or payment orders on behalf of, a
               person,

           (d) supplies a facility or an arrangement for a safe deposit box;

     “accountant” means a person registered under the Chartered Accountants Act,
         1963, (Act 176);

     “accountable institution” includes the institutions set out in the First Schedule;

     “application data” means a set of instructions which causes a computer system
         to perform a function when executed on the computer;

     “auctioneer” means a person registered under the Auction Sales Act, 1989
         (P.N.D.C.L. 230);

     “authorised officer” means a person authorised by the Centre to perform a function
         or discharge a duty on behalf of the Centre;

     “bank” has the meaning given to it in the Banking Act, 2004 (Act 673);

     “Board” means the governing body of the Financial Intelligence Centre;

     “business entity” includes

           (a) a firm,

           (b) an individual licensed to carry out a business,


                                          23
                   Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                       Act 749


       (c) a limited liability company, or

       (d) a partnership,
  for the purpose of providing a product or service either for profit or non-profit;

 “business relationship” means an arrangement between a person and an
     accountable institution for the purpose of concluding a transaction;

 “centre” means the Financial Intelligence Centre established under section 4;

 “Chief Executive” means the Chief Executive Officer appointed under section 14;

 “computer system” includes an electronic, magnetic, optical, electrochemical or
     other data processing device, the physical components and any removable
     storage medium that is connected, to the device or a group of inter-connected
     or elated devices, one or more of which is capable of

       (a) containing data, or

       (b) performing a logical, arithmetic or any other function in relation to
           data;

 “Court” means the High Court or Circuit Court;

 “currency” means

       (a) coins, money or notes of the Republic or of another country that is
           designated as legal tender and that circulates as and is customarily
           used and accepted as a medium of exchange in the country of issue,

       (b) ‘travellers’ cheques or other financial instruments denominated in the
           currency of Ghana or in foreign currency and

       (c) any right to receive coins or notes in respect of a credit or balance
           with a financial institution or a non-resident;

“data” means a representation of

       (a) information,

       (b) knowledge,

       (c) facts, or

       (d) concepts
capable of being processed in a computer system;



                                      24
                  Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                      Act 749


“electronic device” means anything or apparatus that is used or capable of being
    used to intercept a function of a computer system;

“electronic transaction” means a transaction made through an electronic device;

“intelligence agency” means the Internal or External Intelligence Agency
    established under the Security and Intelligence Agencies Act, 1996 (Act
    526);

“entity” means a body corporate or unincorporated, an association or group of
    persons, a firm or a partnership;

“financial institution” means an entity that undertakes financial intermediation;

“financial instrument” means a physical or electronic document which embodies
     or conveys monetary value;

“financial intermediation” means a process of transferring funds from one entity
     to another entity;

“foreign counterpart” means the authority in another country that exercise similar
     powers and performs similar functions as the Centre;

“game of chance” includes a game other than lotto in which participants risk, in
   anticipation of winning award on the result of the game which depends on
   luck and which cannot be determined before the end of the game, pay
   money for the right to participate in the game;

“internal rules” means rules formulated by an accountable institution to enable
     the accountable institution comply with the reporting requirements of the
     Centre;

“investigating authority” means a body that is designated by legislation to
    investigate unlawful activities;

“Minister” means the Minister responsible for Finance;

“non-bank financial institution” means a financial institution that undertakes
    financial intermediation outside the bank;

“non-governmental organisation” means a civil organisation and includes a
    community based organisation, religious body and association;

“notary” means a person appointed under the Notaries Public Act, 1960 (Act
    26);

“order” means a monitoring order;


                                    25
                  Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                       Act 749


“prescribed” means prescribed by Regulations made under this Act;

“proceeds” means property derived from or obtained, directly or indirectly through
    the commission of an offence;

“property” includes assets of any kind situated in the country or elsewhere whether
    movable or immovable, tangible or intangible, legal documents and
    instruments evidencing title of interest in the assets;

“record” means a material on which data is recorded or marked and which is
    capable of being read or understood by a person, computer system or other
    device;

“record of identity” means the records maintained by accountable institutions on
    their clients in accordance with rules and directives issued to the accountable
    institutions by relevant supervisory bodies;

“Regulations” means Regulations made under this Act;

“religious body” means an association, a body or organisation which professes
     adherence to a belief in a system of faith or worship or which is established
     in pursuance of a religious objective;

“Republic” means Republic of Ghana;

“revenue agency” means an agency authorised by law to collect revenue;

“securities portfolio management” means the process of managing the financial
    assets of a client by a brokerage firm for and on behalf of the client in
    accordance with selected investment strategy under agreed management
    principles and regulations;

“serious offence” means an offence for which the maximum penalty is death or
     imprisonment for a period of not less than twelve months;

“supervisory body” means a body responsible for the supervision of the activities
    of accountable institutions under this Act;

“suspicious” means a matter which is beyond mere speculations and based on
    some foundation;

“transaction” includes an act which establishes a right or obligation or gives rise
    to a contractual or legal relationship between the parties to the contract or
    legal relationship and any movement of funds by any means with a covered
    institution; and




                                     26
                        Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                          Act 749


      “trust and company service providers” means paid professional companies or
           unpaid persons who hold assets in a trust fund separate from their own
           assets;

                                     SCHEDULES

                                   FIRST SCHEDULE
                                      (section 21)

Accountable institutions include

      (a) an entity which is a bank or a non-bank financial institution which carries on
          any of the following activities:

           (i)   accepting deposits of money from the public, repayable on demand or
                 otherwise and withdrawable by cheque, draft, orders or by any other
                 means,

           (ii) financing, whether in whole or in part or by way of short, medium or
                long term loans or advances of trade, industry, commerce or agriculture,

           (iii) the issue and administration of means of payment including credit
                 cards, travellers’ cheques bankers’ drafts and other financial instruments,

           (iv) the trade in foreign exchange, currency market instruments or
                transferable securities,

           (v) securities portfolio management and advice concerned with the portfolio
               management,

           (vi) dealing in shares, stocks, bonds or other securities,

           (vii) leasing, letting or delivering goods to a hirer under a hire- purchase
                 agreement,

           (viii) the conduct of any business,

           (ix) the collection of money or acceptance of employer contributions and
                payment from these funds of legitimate claims for retirement benefits;
                and

           (x) any other business activities that the Bank of Ghana may prescribe or
               recognise as being part of banking business;



                                           27
                             Anti-Money Laundering Act, 2008                                   Act 749


       (b) auctioneers;

       (c) lawyers;

       (d) notaries;

       (e) accountants;

       (f) religious bodies;

       (g) non-governmental organisations;

       (h) a person whose business or a principal part of whose business consists of
           providing financial services that involve the remittance or exchange of funds;

       (i) operators of game of chance;

       (j) a company carrying on insurance business within the meaning of the
           Insurance Act, 2006 (Act 724);

       (k) a real estate company or agent, only to the extent that the real estate company
           or agent receives funds in the course of the agent’s business to settle real
           estate transactions;

       (l) dealers in precious metals and precious stones;

       (m) dealers in motor vehicles; and

       (n) trust and company service providers.

                                       SECOND SCHEDULE
                                           (section 48)

                                    THE OATH OF SECRECY

I ..............................................holding the office of............................ Do (in the
name of the Almighty God swear) (Solemnly affirm) that I will not directly or indirectly
communicate or reveal to any person any matter which shall be brought under my
consideration or shall come to my knowledge in the discharge of my official duties or
as may be specially permitted by law (so help me God).

To be sworn before the President, the Chief Justice or such other person as the President
may designate.



                       Date of Gazette notification: 25th January, 2008.



                                                    28
Banking (Amendment) Act , 2007
          (Act 738)
                       Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007                   Act 738



                           ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section
 1.    Section 2 of Act 673 amended
 2.    Section 3 of Act 673 amended
 3.    Section 4 of Act 673 amended
 4.    Section 5 of Act 673 amended
 5.    Sections 5A, 5B and 5C of Act 673 inserted
 6.    Section 6 of Act 673 amended
 7.    Section 7 of Act 673 amended
 8.    Section 8 of Act 673 amended
 9.    Section 8A of Act 673 amended
10.    Section 9 of Act 673 amended
11.    Section 12 of Act 673 amended
12.    Section 13 of Act 673 amended
13.    Section 14 of Act 673 amended
14.    Section 16 of Act 673 amended
15.    Section 17 of Act 673 amended
16.    Section 23 of Act 673 amended
17.    Section 29 of Act 673 amended
18.    Section 33 of Act 673 amended
19.    Section 37 of Act 673 amended
20.    Section 38 of Act 673 amended
21.    Section 40 of Act 673 amended
22.    Section 42 of Act 673 amended
23.    Section 46 of Act 673 amended
24.    Section 51A of Act 673 inserted
25.    Section 60A of Act 673 inserted
26.    Section 62 of Act 673 amended
27.    Sections 69A and 69B of Act 673 inserted
28.    Section 72 of Act 673 amended
29.    Section 74 of Act 673 amended
30.    Section 83 of Act 673 amended
31.    Section 84 of Act 673 amended
32.    Section 84A of Act 673 inserted
33.    Section 87 of Act 673 amended
34.    Sections 89A and 89B of Act 673 inserted
35.    Section 90 of Act 673 amended
36.    First, Second, Third and Fourth Schedules to Act 673 inserted




                                         29
Act 738                   Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007




                      THE SEVEN HUNDRED AND THIRTY-EIGHTH


                                         ACT
                        OF THE PARLIAMENT OF THE REPUBLIC
                                    OF GHANA

                                        ENTITLED

                      THE BANKING (AMENDMENT) ACT 2007

AN ACT to amend the Banking Act, 2004 (Act 673) to facilitate the establishment of an
International Financial Services Centre that seeks to attract foreign direct investment,
income from licence fees payable in foreign currencies, create employment enhance
local skills and knowledge, strengthen the financial sector through expansion in the use
of investment banking instruments and to provide for related matters.

                            DATE OF ASSENT: l8th June, 2007

                       ENACTED by the President and Parliament.

Section 2 of Act 673 amended

     1. Subsection (1) of section 2 of the Banking Act, 2004 (Act 673) referred to as
the principal enactment is amended by the addition of a new paragraph (d),

         “(d)   ensuring the soundness and stability of the financial system in this
                country”,

Section 3 of Act 673 amended

       2. The principal enactment is amended by the substitution for section 3 of
         “3. Subject to this Act, no person other than a body corporate shall carry on
             the business of banking in or from within Ghana.”

Section 4 of Act 673 amended

       3. Section 4 of the principal enactment is amended by the substitution for section
4 of
         “4. (1) A person shall not carry on the business of banking in or from within



                                            30
                       Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007                          Act 738




          Ghana except by or under the authority of a license issued in accordance
          with this Act.

      (2) A person shall not use a banking license for any purpose other than that for
          which it is issued.

      (3) A person who contravenes subsection (1) and (2) of this section commits an
          offence and is liable on summary conviction

         (a) in case of a body corporate or other body of persons to a fine not more
             than three thousand penalty units; and

         (b) in the case of an individual to a fine not more than three thousand
             penalty units or to a term of imprisonment not exceeding ten years.

Section 5 of Act 673 amended

    4. Section 5 of the principal enactment is amended

      (a) by the insertion after paragraph (e) of

         “(f) in the case of an external company registered in Ghana, an authenti-
              cated copy of its certificate of registration and a written confirmation
              from the banking supervisory authority in the applicant’s country of
              incorporation that the supervisory authority has no objection to the
              applicant’s proposal to carry on banking business in Ghana;”

      (b) by the insertion of new paragraphs (g) and (h)

         “(g) the measures and structures it intends to adopt to ensure that its
              business is conducted in accordance with sound corporate gover-
              nance principles;

         (h) the processing fees and licence fees that the Bank of Ghana may by
             notice specify;” and

      (c) by placing the original paragraph (f) at the end of the subsection as para-
          graph (i);

      (d) by the insertion of a new subsection (2);

      “(2) Each application shall state clearly the type of licence that is being ap-
          plied for.”



                                          31
Act 738                  Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007




       (e) by the renumbering of subsection (2) as subsection (3);

       (f) by the insertion of new subsections (4) and (5)

       “(4) Where any document submitted to the Bank of Ghana is not in the En-
           glish language, it shall be accompanied with a certified translation in
           English.

       (5) The Bank may require that information supplied to it be verified, certified
           or otherwise authenticated in the manner that the Bank may consider fit.”

Sections 5A, 5B and 5C of Act 673 inserted

     5. The principal enactment is amended by the insertion of new sections 5A, 5B
and 5C.

“Types of licences

      5A. A licence issued under this Act shall be issued subject to the terms and condi-
tions that the Bank of Ghana may impose and shall be in one of the following catego-
ries:

       (a) General Banking Licence;

       (b) Class I Banking Licence; or

       (c) Class II Banking Licence;

Limitation of Class II Banking Licence

     5B. Subject to this Act or any other enactment, the holder of a Class II Banking
Licence shall not

       (a) take deposits or placements from any person resident in Ghana other than
           another bank holding a General Banking Licence with respect to its Class II
           banking business, or another bank holding a Class II Banking Licence;

       (b) invest in an asset that represents a claim on any person resident in Ghana
           except a claim resulting from

           (i)   a Class II banking transaction with another bank holding a General
                 Banking Licence or a Class II Banking Licence; or



                                           32
                         Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007                          Act 738




           (ii) the purchase of bonds or other securities issued by the Government of
                Ghana or any other securities that may be approved by the Bank of
                Ghana; or

       (c) carry on business in Ghana other than the business for which its Class II
           Banking Licence has been issued.

“Pre-requisites for a licence

     5C. A licence shall not be granted by the Bank, unless it is satisfied with

       (a) the technical knowledge, experience, financial conditions and history of
           the applicant;

       (b) the adequacy of the capital structure of the applicant;

       (c) the character of the business and its management;

       (d) the adequacy of the applicants accounting control systems and records;

       (e) in the case of an applicant incorporated outside Ghana, that the applicant is
           a branch or related company of a foreign bank of established international
           reputation; and

       (f) the ability and willingness of the applicant to comply with the other condi-
           tions that the Bank may impose.”

Section 6 of Act 673 amended

     6. The principal enactment is amended by the substitution for section 6 of

“Provisional approval

      6. (1) The Bank of Ghana may issue a provisional approval for a specified licence
to the applicant on the terms and conditions that it considers appropriate, if it is satis-
fied that

       (a) the applicant will carry on banking business with integrity, prudence and the
           required professional competence;

       (b) the applicant has and will maintain paid up capital as set out in the First
           Schedule and hold a licence of the specified type as required; and



                                            33
Act 738                 Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007




       (c) where the bank is an external bank, it shall have and maintain in Ghana the
           required capital in the form of funds transferred from abroad together with
           other funds that may be determined by the Bank.

     (2) The Bank of Ghana may by notice published in the Gazette, alter the capital
requirements as well as any other pre-licensing requirements.”

Section 7 of Act 673 amended

     7. Section 7 of the principal enactment is amended;

       (a) by the insertion of “for a General Banking Licence or a Class I Banking
           Licence” after “applicant”;

       (b) by the insertion of a new subsection (2), and

          “(2) The applicant for a Class II Banking Licence shall not invite capital
               through a public issue of shares in Ghana.”

       (c) by the renumbering of subsection (2) as subsection (3) and by the insertion
           of
               “or subsection (2)” after “subsection (1)”.

Section 8 of Act 673 amended

     8. Section 8 of the principal enactment is amended;

       (a) by the numbering of section 8 as 8 (1) and the insertion of “of a specified
           type”.

       (b) by the insertion of new subsections (2), (3) and (4)

          “(2) A licence issued under this Act shall

       (a) be subject to the conditions that the Bank may impose;

       (b) in the case of a bank holding a General Banking Licence or a Class I Banking
           Licence, not authorise that bank to carry on business in any office or branch,
           other than its principal place of business, unless it has obtained the prior
           approval of the Bank;

       (c) in the case of a bank holding a Class II Banking Licence, not authorise that
           bank to have more than one place of business for the purpose of Class II
           banking;




                                          34
                         Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007                        Act 738




      (3) The holder of a licence issued under this Act shall pay the annual licence fees
that the Bank of Ghana may specify by notice.

     (4) No licence granted by the Bank of Ghana shall be transferable or assignable
without the prior approval of the Bank.”

Section 8A of Act 673 inserted

    9. The principal enactment is amended by the insertion of section 8A after section
8 “Power to vary conditions of licences

      8A. (1) The Bank of Ghana may, by notice in writing to a bank, inform the bank
that it proposes to impose, amend, add to, vary or cancel any condition attached to the
licence of the bank.

           (2) The bank may, within seven days after the receipt of the notice, make
               representations in writing to the Bank.

           (3) The Bank shall, “take a decision and notify the bank accordingly after
               giving due consideration to the representations made”.

Section 9 of Act 673 amended

      10. Section 9 of the principal enactment is amended in subsection 3 by the inser-
tion of”within ten days after the decision of the Bank” after “writing”.
Section 12 of Act 673 amended

    11. Section 12 of the principal enactment is amended by the substitution for
subsection (8) of

      “(8) The Bank of Ghana may, subject to the terms and conditions that it considers
fit, exempt a bank holding a Class II Banking Licence or a General Banking Licence,
with respect to its Class II banking business or investment banking business in curren-
cies other than the currency of Ghana, from compliance with this section in so far as
the activities referred to in these subsections are carried on outside Ghana and do not
involve the acquisition of an interest in movable or immovable property in Ghana.”

Section 13 of Act 673 amended

     12. Section 13 of the principal enactment is amended by the insertion of new
paragraphs (d), (e), (f) and (g)



                                           35
Act 738                 Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007




      “(d) the bank has gone into liquidation or is wound up or otherwise dissolved;
          or

      (e) the bank has insufficient assets to cover its liabilities to its depositers or the
          public; or

      (f) the bank appears to the Bank of Ghana to be carrying on business in a
          manner which is contrary or detrimental to the interests of its depositors or
          the public; or

      (g) the bank has been convicted by a domestic Court or any other Court as may
          be prescribed, of a crime related to the use or laundering in any manner of
          illegal drug proceeds, or is the affiliate or subsidiary of a parent company of
          a bank which has been so convicted, if the conviction is a final conviction.”

Section 14 of Act 673 amended

    13. Section 14 of the principal enactment is amended by the insertion of new
subsections (4), (5) and (6)

      “(4) Despite subsections (1) to (3), the Bank of Ghana may in cases of emer-
          gency, or in the public interest revoke the licence of a bank with immedi-
          ate effect.

      (5) The bank whose licence has been revoked may, within thirty days after
          the communication of the decision under subsection (4) make representa-
          tions to the Bank.

      (6) The Bank of Ghana shall, within ten days after representations made,
          review the action taken by it and inform the bank in writing”.

Section 16 of Act 673 amended

    14. Section 16 of the principal enactment is amended by the insertion of the
words “or in breach of the conditions of its licence” after “licence”.

Section 17 of Act 673 amended

     15. Section 17 of the principal enactment is amended by the substitution for
section (1) of




                                           36
                         Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007                          Act 738




           “(1) Except as otherwise provided for in this Act, no person, other than a
                bank, shall hold itself out as a bank or use the word “bank” or any of its
                derivatives in any language in the description or title under which that
                person is carrying on business in Ghana, or make a representation to
                this effect in any billhead, letter, paper, notice, advertisement or in any
                other manner whatsoever.”

Section 23 of Act 673 amended

     16. Section 23 of the principal enactment is amended by the substitution for that
section of

“Capital adequacy

      23. (1) A bank holding a General Banking Licence shall at all times while in opera-
tion, maintain a minimum capital adequacy ratio of ten per cent computed in the man-
ner that the Bank of Ghana may determine.

         (2) A bank holding a Class I Banking Licence shall at all times while in opera-
tion maintain a capital adequacy ratio of ten per cent.

         (3) A bank holding a Class II Banking Licence shall at all times while in opera-
tion maintain a capital adequacy ratio of the percentage that the Bank may determine.

          (4) The percentage mentioned in subsection (3) shall be determined by the
Bank of Ghana from time to time, after discussions with the bank, and shall not neces-
sarily be the same for all banks or all banks of that class.

         (5) In determining the percentage mentioned in subsection (3), the Bank shall
in each case have regard to

           (a) other financial resources available to the bank in question;

           (b) the nature, scale and risks of the bank’s operations; and

           (c) the amount and nature of net own funds required, in the Bank’s judge-
               ment, to protect the interests of depositors and potential depositors
               and the public.

         (6) The Bank of Ghana may by directive prescribe a higher capital adequacy
ratio with respect to a particular bank or all banks for the period that the Bank may
prescribe.



                                           37
Act 738                Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007




        (7) The capital adequacy ratio shall be measured as a percentage of the ad-
justed capital base of the bank to its adjusted asset base in accordance with Regula-
tions made by the Bank of Ghana.”

Section 29 of Act 673 amended

     17. Section 29 of the principal enactment is amended in subsection 1 by the
insertion of the words “holding a General Banking Licence or a bank holding a Class I
Banking Licence” at the beginning of the subsection.

Section 33 of Act 673 amended

    18. Section 33 of the principal enactment is amended by the substitution for
subsection(5) of

         “(5) The Bank of Ghana may require a bank to furnish information by a speci-
fied date in a form that it may consider appropriate to ensure compliance with the
requirements of this section.”

Section 37 of Act 673 amended

     19. Section 37 of the principal enactment is amended in subsection (1) by the
addition of “do any one or combination of the following” after “directive”.

Section 38 of Act 673 amended

     20. Section 38 of the principal enactment is amended

       (a) by the substitution for “has been declared to be of unsound mind” of “has
           been adjudged to be of unsound mind” at the beginning of subsection (1)
           (a);

       (b) by the deletion of paragraph (1) (e) and the addition of a new paragraph
           “(e) is a director, chief executive or employee of another bank.”

       (c) by the addition of a new subsection (4)

          “(4) Section 38(1) (e) shall not apply where

          (a) a person appointed as a director for the ARB Apex Bank Limited is a
              representative of a bank that is an affiliate to the ARB Apex Bank Lim-
              ited; or




                                         38
                        Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007                        Act 738




          (b) in the opinion of the Bank of Ghana, special circumstances require that
              the person be appointed as director of another bank.”

Section 40 of Act 673 amended

     21. The principal enactment is amended by the substitution for section 40 of

       “Intervention of the Bank of Ghana in appointments

    40. (1) A bank shall give prior notice to the Bank of Ghana before it appoints a
Chief Executive Officer or a Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the bank, each of whom
shall be ordinarily resident in the country.
        (2) Where the bank appoints a Managing Director, that person shall be the
Chief Executive Officer of the bank.

         (3) In the case of an external company, the Chief Executive Officer of the bank
shall also be the local manager of that company.

          (4) Where the Chief Executive Officer is unable to perform official functions
due to illness, absence from the country or any other sufficient cause, the Deputy Chief
Executive Officer shall act as the chief executive after notifying the Bank of Ghana.

         (5) A bank shall notify the Bank of Ghana of the changes in the membership of
its board of directors and key management personnel of a bank in the case of a bank
incorporated in Ghana, and in each other case, the changes in its key management
personnel only.

        (6) A person shall not be appointed or reappointed as director or as a member
of key management personnel unless the appointment or reappointment takes into
account guidelines issued by the Bank of Ghana related to fit and proper persons.

         (7) Where the Bank of Ghana considers that a director or a member of the key
management personnel is not a fit and proper person, it shall direct the removal of the
director or person after hearing the bank and the bank shall comply.

        (8) A bank shall not outsource any of its functions to any other person without
the approval of the Bank of Ghana.

        (9) A bank which contravenes any provision of this section shall pay to the
Bank of Ghana a fine of one thousand penalty units”.



                                          39
Act 738                  Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007




Section 42 of Act 673 amended

     22. Section 42 of the principal enactment is amended in subsection (1) by the
insertion of “holding a General Banking Licence or a bank holding a Class 1 Banking
Licence” after “bank” where the word first appears.

Section 46 of Act 673 amended

     23. Section 46 of the principal enactment is amended in subsection (1)by the
insertion of “or a branch” after “company”.

Section 51A of Act 673 inserted

    24. The principal enactment is amended by the insertion of a new section 51 A
“Guidelines

      51 A. (1) The Bank of Ghana may by notice provide for the payment of fees and
the levying of charges under this Act.

            (2) The Bank of Ghana may by notice exclude from the application of any
part of this Act banks holding a General Banking Licence or a Class II Banking Licence
or any class of either of these banks subject to the terms and conditions that it consid-
ers fit.

             (3) The Bank of Ghana may by notice make such guidelines or issue instruc-
tions that it considers fit for the purpose of this Act.

           (4) Guidelines or instructions made under subsection (4) shall apply to all
banks or to one or more classes of banks and shall take effect on the date of their issue
to the banks or on a later date that may be specified in the guidelines.

          (5) Any person to whom guidelines apply or instructions are issued shall
comply with the guidelines and instructions.

           (6) Any person who fails to comply with the guidelines or instructions made
under this section commits an offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine of
one thousand penalty units.”

Section 60A of Act 673 inserted

     25. The principal enactment is amended by the insertion of new sections 60A,
60B and 60C.



                                           40
                         Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007                         Act 738



“Appointment of adviser

      60A. (1) The Bank of Ghana may, if it considers it necessary to improve the affairs
of a bank after examining a bank’s explanation, appoint a competent person as adviser
to the bank’s chief executive at the expense of the bank.

           (2) The Bank of Ghana may give a hearing to the bank before issuing the
order unless it considers that the consequent delay in action would not be in the inter-
est of the bank.

          (3) A bank which is served with an order shall comply with the order and
extend full co-operation to the adviser.

           (4) An adviser appointed under this section is entitled to attend the meetings
of the board of directors of the bank or its committees, and to participate in their
deliberations.

          (5) The adviser’s views shall be recorded in the minutes of the meetings, but
the adviser shall not vote on a matter for determination by the meeting.

          (6) An adviser appointed under this section

           (a) shall hold office for the period that the Bank of Ghana may specify,
               and

           (b) shall furnish the Bank of Ghana with a status report on the bank as
               frequently as the Bank of Ghana may determine.

Remedial measures

     60B. Where the Bank of Ghana is satisfied after an examination under section 55
or otherwise based on the information at its disposal, that a bank

       (a) has failed to comply with a provision of this Act or of Regulations or rules
           or directives issued under this Act;

       (b) has been conducting its affairs in a manner detrimental to the interests of
           its depositors and creditors; or

       (c) no longer possesses sufficient net own funds or is unlikely to fulfil its
           obligations towards its depositors and creditors;
the Bank of Ghana may



                                           41
Act 738                 Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007




          (i)   prohibit the bank from receiving fresh deposits or renewing the
                existing deposits;

          (ii) prohibit the bank from further lending or taking further financial
               exposures, or capital expenditure;

          (iii) prohibit the bank from paying a dividend on its equity capital or issue
                rights shares or bonus shares to shareholders or to any person claim-
                ing under their authority;

          (iv) suspend or remove from office the chief executive of the bank or
               restrict the chief executive’s powers;

          (v) recommend the removal from any or all of the directors on the board
              of the bank or restrict their powers;

          (vi) appoint a conservator to take over the management of the bank,
               pending a decision on the bank’s future set-up;

          (vii) revoke the licence issued to the bank to carry on banking; or

          (viii) appoint a liquidator for the winding-up of the bank.

Appointment and the rights and responsibilities of conservator

    60C (1) Where the Bank of Ghana appoints a conservator, the conservator

      (a) holds office for the period or the extended period that the order may specify,
          unless the appointment is terminated by the Bank of Ghana;

      (b) draws salary and other emoluments from the bank which shall provide the
          conservator with the perquisites and amenities specified in the letter of
          appointment of the conservator;

      (c) has the powers of the chief executive to do the things that may be neces-
          sary for the management of the affairs, business and property of the bank;

      (d) may attend the meetings of the board of the bank and its committees and
          move a resolution that the conservator considers appropriate and vote on
          any subject at those meetings; and




                                          42
                         Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007                         Act 738




       (e) may appoint competent officials to assist the conservator or delegate
           authority to other officials.

        (2) Where there is a conflict between an order issued by the conservator and
an order given by a director, the chief executive or any other official of the bank in the
past, the order of the conservator shall prevail.

        (3) The conservator may,

       (a) set aside a decision of the bank’s board taken against the conservator’s
           recommendation, or

       (b) move a resolution at a general meeting of the bank’s shareholders, or

       (c) hold up a decision taken at the general meeting of the shareholders if the
           conservator considers it to be prejudicial to the interest of depositors,
with the prior approval in writing of the Bank of Ghana,

        (4) The conservator shall not be subject to any action, claim or liability in re-
spect of an act done in good faith in pursuance of a power or duty conferred or imposed
upon the conservator in terms of the conservator’s appointment.

Section 62 of Act 673 amended

     26. The principal enactment is amended in subsection (2) of section 62 by the
substitution for “petition the High Court” of “appoint a liquidator”

Sections 69A and 69B of Act 673 inserted

    27. The principal enactment is amended by the deletion of “voluntary” in the
headnote of section 69 and the insertion of new sections 69A and 69B

“Priority of deposit liabilities

     69A. Where a bank becomes unable to meet its obligations or becomes insolvent
or suspends payment, the assets of that bank in Ghana shall be available to meet the
deposit liabilities of the bank in Ghana and those deposits shall have priority over the
unsecured liabilities of the bank other than those expenses and debts specified in the
Bodies Corporate (Official Liquidation) Act 1963 (Act 180) to have priority of claim over
other liabilities of the company in the event of a winding up.




                                           43
Act 738                   Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007




Priority in the event of winding up

     69B. (1) Despite the provisions of any other enactment, in the event of a winding
up of a bank that carries on Class l and Class II banking business, the deposit liabilities
of the bank shall be settled in the following manner:

       (a) the assets of the bank held, as determined under this Act and by the Bank
           of Ghana, in relation to the Class I banking business of the bank shall be
           available to meet the deposit liabilities of the bank in the following order of
           priority,

           (i)   deposit liabilities incurred by the bank in the course of its Class I bank-
                 ing business with non-bank customers,

           (ii) deposit liabilities incurred by the bank, in the course of its Class I bank-
                ing business, with other banks in respect of their Class I banking busi-
                ness,

           (iii) deposit liabilities incurred by the bank in the course of its Class I bank-
                 ing business with other banks including those incurred with its own
                 bank with respect to its Class II banking business,

           (iv) subject to the Bodies Corporate (Official Liquidation) Act, 1963 (Act
                180) other liabilities incurred by the bank in the course of its Class I
                banking business,

           (v) deposit liabilities incurred by the bank in the course of its Class II bank-
               ing business with non-bank customers,

           (vi) deposit liabilities incurred by the bank in the course of its Class II bank-
                ing business with other banks,

           (vii) subject to the Bodies Corporate (Official Liquidation) Act, 1963 (Act
                 180) other liabilities of the bank incurred in the course of its Class II
                 banking business.

       (b) The assets of the bank held, as determined under this Act and by the Bank
           of Ghana, in relation to the Class II banking business of the bank, shall be
           available to meet the deposit liabilities of the bank in the following order of
           priority;




                                            44
                          Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007                           Act 738




           (i)   deposit liabilities incurred by the bank in the course of its Class II bank-
                 ing business with non-bank customers,

           (ii) deposit liabilities incurred by the bank in the course of its Class II bank-
                ing business with other banks,

           (iii) subject to the Bodies Corporate (Official Liquidation) Act, 1963 (Act
                 180) other liabilities incurred by the bank in the course of its Class II
                 banking business,

           (iv) deposit liabilities incurred by the bank in the course of its Class I bank-
                ing business with non-bank customers,

           (v) deposit liabilities incurred by the bank in the course of its Class I bank-
               ing business with other banks,

           (vi) subject to the Bodies Corporate (Official Liquidation) Act, other liabili-
                ties of the bank incurred in the course of its Class I banking business.

     (2) Despite the provisions of any other enactment, in the event of a winding up of
a bank that is licensed to carry on Class I banking business only, the deposit liabilities
of the bank shall be settled in the following order of priority:

       (a) deposit liabilities incurred by the bank with non-bank customers;

       (b) deposit liabilities incurred by the bank with other banks;

       (c) subject to the Bodies Corporate (Official Liquidation) Act, 1963 (Act 180)
           other liabilities incurred by the bank.

     (3) Despite the provisions of any other enactment, in the event of a winding up of
a bank that is licensed to carry on Class II banking business only, the deposit liabilities
of the bank shall be settled in the following order of priority:

       (a) deposit liabilities incurred by the bank with non-bank customers;

       (b) deposit liabilities incurred by the bank with other banks;

       (c) subject to the Bodies Corporate (Official Liquidation) Act, 1963 (Act 180)
           other liabilities incurred by the bank.




                                             45
Act 738                   Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007




     (4) The deposit or other liabilities in each class specified in subsections (1), (2), or
(3) shall rank in the order specified but as between deposit or other liabilities of the
same class rank equally between themselves and shall be paid in full unless the assets
of the bank are insufficient to meet them in which case they shall be settled in equal
proportions between themselves.

    (5) For the purpose of section 69A and this section, “deposit liabilities” means
sums of money paid on terms

       (a) under which they will be repaid, with or without interest or at a premium,
           and either on demand or at a time or in circumstances agreed by or on
           behalf of the persons making the payment and the bank receiving them;

       (b) which are not referable to the provisions of property or services or to the
           giving of security;

           “bank” means a bank as defined in section 90 of this Act and any person
               licensed as a bank or permitted to carry on banking business in the
               country in which it is incorporated.

     (6) For the purpose of subsection (5) (b), money is paid on terms or to the giving
of security if, and only if

       (a) it is paid by way of advance or part-payment for the sale, hire or other
           provision of property or services of any kind and is repayable only in the
           event that the property or services is or are not in fact sold, hired or other-
           wise provided,

       (b) it is paid by way of security for payment for the provision of property or
           services of any kind provided or to be provided by the bank by whom or on
           whose behalf the money is accepted; or

       (c) it is paid byway of security for the delivery or return of property, whether in
           a particular state of repair or otherwise.”

Section 72 of Act 673 amended

      28. Section 72 of the principal enactment is amended in subsection (2) by the
addition of “or as the Bank of Ghana may otherwise approve” at the end of the subsec-
tion.




                                             46
                          Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007                        Act 738




Section 74 of Act 673 amended

     29. Section 74 of the principal enactment is amended in subsection 1 by the
insertion of “approved by the Bank of Ghana in the manner and on the terms that may
be prescribed” after “bank.”

Section 83 of Act 673 amended

    30. The principal enactment is amended by the substitution for section 83 of
“Secrecy of information.”

     83. (1) Each Director, officer or employee of the Bank or any person appointed by
the Bank pursuant to the banking laws shall

           (a) in the case of a Director or head of department, take an oath of
               confidentiality in the form set out in Part I of the Second Schedule; and

           (b) in any other case, make a declaration of confidentiality before the
               chairperson of the Board in the form set out in Part II of the Second
               Schedule, before the person begins to perform any functions under the
               banking laws.

         (2) Except

        (a) for the purposes of

              (i)    the performance of functions or the exercise of powers under the
                     banking laws; or

              (ii)   meeting the requirements of an agreement or understanding reached
                     by the Bank with any other relevant supervisory body; or

        (b) when lawfully required to do so,

              (i)    by an order of a Judge in chambers or any court of law; or

              (ii) under any enactment,
no person referred to in subsection (1) shall, during and after a relationship with the
Bank, disclose directly or indirectly to any person any information related to the affairs
of the Bank, or any other bank or of any of its customers, which the person has ac-
quired in the discharge of duties or the performance of functions.



                                           47
Act 738                  Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007




   (3) Any person who contravenes this section commits an offence and is liable on
summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one thousand penalty units.

     (4) Nothing in this section shall preclude

       (a) the exchange or disclosure of information, under conditions of confidential-
           ity, between the Bank and a foreign regulatory agency performing functions
           similar to those of the Bank under this Act, pursuant to any existing or
           future Treaty, or agreement or Memorandum of Understanding entered into
           by the Bank or the Republic of Ghana;

       (b) the disclosure of information pursuant to an order made by the Judge in
           chambers under any relevant enactment related to mutual assistance in
           criminal and related matters to a foreign state; or

       (c) the disclosure of information to the Financial Intelligence Centre set-up un-
           der the Anti-Money Laundering Law in force.

Section 84 of Act 673 amended

     31. The principal enactment is amended by substitution for section 84 of
     “Secrecy of customer information

      84. (1) Subject to the other provisions of this Act, each person with access to the
books, accounts, records, financial statements or other documents, whether electroni-
cally or otherwise, of a bank shall:

           (a) in the case of a director or key management personnel, take an oath of
               confidentiality in the form set out in Part I of the Third Schedule; or

          (b) in any other case, make a declaration of confidentiality
before the chief executive officer or deputy chief executive officer of the bank in the
form set out in Part II of the Third Schedule, before the person begins to perform any
function under the banking laws.

          (2) Except for the purpose of the performance of functions or the exercise of
a power under the banking laws or as directed in writing by the Bank, no person
referred to in subsection (1) shall, during or after a relationship with the bank, disclose
directly or indirectly to any person any information related to the affairs of any of its
customers including deposits, borrowings or transactions or other personal, financial or
business affairs without the prior written consent of the customer or the personal



                                            48
                        Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007                       Act 738




representative of the customer

    (3) The duty of confidentiality imposed under this section shall not apply where

       (a) a customer who had been issued a credit card or charge card by a bank, has
           had the card suspended or cancelled by the bank by reason of default in
           payment, and the bank discloses information related to the customer’s name
           and identity, the amount of indebtedness and the date of suspension or
           cancellation of the credit card or charge card to other banks issuing credit
           cards or charge cards in Ghana;

       (b) the customer is declared bankrupt in Ghana or, in the case of a company, is
           being wound up;

       (c) the customer has passed away, testate or intestate, and the information is
           required by the appointed personal representative of the deceased or the
           testamentary executor solely in connection with the succession estate;

       (d) civil proceedings arise involving the bank and the customer or the account
           of the customer;

       (e) the information is required by a colleague in the employment of the same
           bank in Ghana or an auditor or legal representative of the bank who re-
           quires and is entitled to know the information in the course of professional
           duties;

       (f) the information is required by another bank for the purpose of assessing the
           credit-worthiness of a customer, if the information is being sought for com-
           mercial reasons and is of a general nature;

       (g) the bank has been served with a garnishee order attaching moneys in the
           account of the customer;

       (h) any person referred to in subsection (1) is summoned to appear before a
           court or a Judge in Ghana and the court or the Judge orders the disclosure
           of the information;

       (i) the bank is required to make a report or provides additional information on
           a suspicious transaction to the Financial Intelligence Centre set up under
           the Anti-Money Laundering law in force.

    (4) Subject to subsections (6) and (7), where the head office of a bank


                                          49
Act 738                   Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007




         (a) incorporated outside Ghana requires information from its branch in Ghana
             about any transaction of that branch; or

        (b) incorporated in Ghana requires information from its branch outside Ghana
            about any transaction of that branch;
the information shall be disclosed.

      (5) Subject to subsections (6) and (7), where the parent bank of a subsidiary,
which subsidiary is operating in Ghana under consolidated supervision, requires infor-
mation from the subsidiary about any of the transactions of the subsidiary, the informa-
tion shall be disclosed.

       (6) Where the information which is required under subsection (4) or (5) relates to
a transaction with a customer other than a bank, no information other than credit
facilities granted to or foreign exchange transactions with the customer shall be dis-
closed.

      (7) No information related to deposits taken from or foreign exchange transac-
tions with a central bank or any other entity or agency, by whatever name called, which
performs the functions of a central bank, shall be disclosed.

     (8) Where an officer of a foreign bank or an officer of a central bank or banking
regulator in a foreign country or any other entity or agency, by whatever named called,
has the responsibility to supervise banks or perform the functions of a central bank,
proposes to conduct an inquiry, audit or inspection of a branch or a subsidiary of the
bank in Ghana or carry out other action that would involve the duty of confidentiality
imposed under this section, the officer shall obtain the prior written authorisation of the
Bank and be subject to the duty of confidentiality imposed under this section and any
conditions that the Bank may impose before information of a confidential nature is
made available to the office.

     (9) The Bank of Ghana or any other competent authority in Ghana or outside
Ghana which requires information from a bank related to the transaction and accounts
of any person, may apply to a Judge in chambers for an order of disclosure of the
transactions and accounts or the part which may be necessary.

       (10) The Judge in chambers shall not make an order of disclosure unless satisfied
that

         (a) the applicant is acting in the discharge of official duty;

         (b) the information is material to civil or criminal proceedings, whether pending
             or contemplated or is required for the purpose of an enquiry into or related
             to the trafficking of narcotic and dangerous drugs, arms trafficking, offences


                                             50
                         Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007                          Act 738




           related to terrorism or money laundering; or

       (c) the disclosure is otherwise necessary, in the circumstances.

(11) Subject to the other provisions of this Act, the Bank or any person making an
inspection or conducting an examination for it under the banking laws shall not reveal,
unless required by a court so to do, to any person information in relation to the affairs
of a customer obtained in the course of an inspection made or of an examination
conducted under the banking laws.

(12) Despite subsection (11), the Bank may disclose to the auditor of a bank any
information received under or for the purposes of this Act where it considers that
disclosing the information would enable or assist it in the discharge of its supervisory
duties.

(13) This section shall be without limiting the obligations of the Republic of Ghana
under an international treaty, convention or agreement and to the obligations of the
central bank under any concordat or arrangement or under any existing or future memo-
randum of understanding for co-operation and exchange of information between the
Bank and any other foreign regulatory agency performing functions similar to those of
the Bank.

(14) Subject to section 84A and 85, in the event of any conflict or inconsistency be-
tween any provision of this section and the provisions of any other enactment, the
provisions of this section shall prevail.”

Section 84A of Act 673 inserted

    32. The principal enactment is amended by the insertion of a new section 84A
“Agreements for exchange of information”

      84A. The Bank may, for the purpose of establishing and maintaining links and
liaison with international agencies in the field of banking as may be necessary for the
furtherance of its objects, enter into an agreement or arrangement for the exchange of
information with a foreign supervisory institution with responsibility to supervise banks
or other similar institutions, where the Bank is satisfied that the foreign supervisory
institution has the obligation to protect the confidentiality of the information imparted.”

Section 87 of Act 673 amended

   33. The principal enactment is amended by the substitution for section 87 of
“Immunity”



                                            51
Act 738                  Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007




     87. No action shall lie against the Government, the Bank of Ghana, any officer of
the Bank or any person acting under the direction of the Bank for anything done or
omitted to be done in good faith in the administration of this Act, or in the execution of
any powers or discharge of duties authorised or required under any other enactment
that are relevant to this Act.”

Sections 89A and 89B of Act 673 inserted

      34. The principal enactment is amended by the insertion of new sections 89A and
89B

“Payments by Class II banks

     89A. A Class II Bank is entitled to open and maintain with a bank holding a Class
I Banking Licence or a bank holding a General Banking Licence, and with the approval
of the Bank of Ghana, an account in cedis out of which payments by way of salaries,
remuneration, fees, fines, penalties and other proper local payment shall be made.

Exemptions

      89B. (1) A holder of a Class II Banking Licence is exempt from payment of duty,
levy charge, fee or tax imposed by the enactments specified in the Fourth Schedule to
this Act in respect of

        (a) its Class II banking transactions,

        (b) its dealing with residents with the approval of the Bank of Ghana, and

        (c) any authorised dealing in property in Ghana.

     (2) A holder of a General Banking Licence is exempt from payment of duty, levy,
charge, fee or tax imposed by the enactments specified in the Fourth Schedule in
respect of its banking transactions with a non-citizen who is a non-resident.”

Section 90 of Act 673 amended

      35. The principal enactment is amended in section 90 by

        (a) the substitution for the definition of “bank” of

           “bank” means a company incorporated under the laws of Ghana, or a
               branch of a company incorporated abroad, which is licensed in accor-
               dance with this Act, to conduct:


                                            52
                Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007                        Act 738



   (a)   general banking under a General Banking Licence; or

   (b)   Class I banking, under a Class I Banking Licence; or

   (c)   Class II banking, under a Class II Banking Licence, from within Ghana.”

(b) the insertion of the definition of “banking business” means

   (a) accepting deposits of money from the public, repayable on demand
       or otherwise and withdrawable by cheque, draft, orders or by any
       other means;

   (b) financing, whether in whole or in part or by way of short, medium or
       long term loans or advance, of trade, industry, commerce or agricul-
       ture, and

   (d) any other business activities that the Bank of Ghana may prescribe or
       recognise as being part of banking business after “bank”

(c) by the insertion of the new definitions before the definition of “connected
    lending”

   “conservator” means a person who performs the function of a conservator
       as specified in this Act;

   “Class I banking” means banking business other than Class II banking busi-
        ness;

   “Class II banking business” means banking business or investment banking
        business conducted in currencies other than the Ghanaian currency
        except to the extent permitted by the Bank of Ghana for trading on the
        foreign exchange market of Ghana and investment in money market
        instruments;

   “Class I Banking Licence” means a licence authorising the holder to transact
        Class I banking business;

   “Class II Banking Licence” means a licence authorising the holder to transact
        Class II banking business;

   “Class II banking transactions” means transactions effected by a bank holding
        a Class II Banking Licence pursuant to its licence or transactions of a


                                  53
Act 738                 Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007




               similar nature effected by a bank holding a General Banking Licence
               pursuant to that licence;” and

          “concordat” means agreement.

      (d) by the insertion of new definitions after “financial exposure”

          ““general banking business” means Class I and Class II banking business;

          “General Banking Licence” means a licence authorising the holder to trans-
              act Class I and Class II banking business in and from within Ghana;

          “key management personnel” means

          (a) the chief executive officer, deputy chief executive officer, chief operat-
              ing officer, chief financial officer, secretary, treasurer, chief internal au-
              ditor or manager of a significant business unit of the bank; or

          (b) any person with similar responsibilities as a person in paragraph (a);”

      (e) by the insertion of new definitions after “net worth” of

          ““non-resident” means any person who does not normally reside or carry
              on business in Ghana”;

          “ordinarily resident” means a situation where a person has lived in this
               country for at least twelve months;”

      (f) by the insertion of a new definition after “prescribed” of

          “public interest” includes a right or advantage which enures or is intended
              to enure to the general benefit of the people of this country”.

First, Second, Third and Fourth Schedules to Act 673 inserted

36. The principal enactment is amended by the insertion of new Schedules:




                                           54
                          Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007                       Act 738




                                “FIRST SCHEDULE
                                (Section 6 (1) (b))

Type of Licence             Type of Bank        Minimum Initial Paid up Capital
                                                (after deduction of accumulated
                                                losses).

General Banking Business All types              Seventy billion cedis in relation to its
                                                Class I Banking Business in a
Rural Banks                                     currency and other amounts, as
Class I Banking Licence                         the Bank of Ghana may determine.

Class II Banking Licence                        An amount in a currency as the
                                                bank of Ghana may determine from
                                                time to time.

Rural Banks                                     500 million cedis in relation to rural
                                                Banks.




                                           55
Act 738                            Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007




                                              SECOND SCHEDULE
                                                         Part I

                                              (Section 83 (1) (a))
                                           Oath of confidentiality

                                      IN THE HIGH COURT OF GHANA

       I ............................................................................................................. being
appointed................................................................................... do hereby swear/
solemnly affirm that I shall maintain during or after my relationship with the Bank of
Ghana the confidentiality of any matter related to the banking laws which comes to my
knowledge and shall not, on any account and at any time, disclose directly or indirectly
to any person, any matter or information related to the affairs of the Bank or of any
other bank or the affairs of any of their customers, otherwise than for the purpose of
the performance of my functions or the exercise of my powers under the banking laws
or when meeting the requirements of an agreement or understanding reached by the
Bank with any other relevant supervisory body or when lawfully required to do so by a
Judge in chambers or any court of law or under any enactment.



Signature of declarant .....................................................

Taken before me, .............................................................

The Registrar of the High Court on .................................................................(date)



                                                        Part II

                                              (Section 83 (1) (b))
                                      Declaration of confidentiality



       I............................................................................................................... being
appointed.................................................................................... do hereby declare
that I shall maintain during or after my relationship with the Bank of Ghana the
confidentiality of any matter related to the banking laws which comes to my knowledge
and shall not, on any account and at anytime, disclose directly or indirectly to any
person, any matter or information related to the affairs of the Bank or of any other bank



                                                            56
                                 Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007                                            Act 738




or the affairs of any of their customers, otherwise than for the purposes of the
performance of my functions or the exercise of my powers under the banking laws or
when meeting the requirements of an agreement or understanding reached by the
Bank with any other relevant supervisory body or when lawfully required to do so by a
Judge in chambers or any court of law or under any enactment.



Signature of declarant................................................................

Made before me........................................................................

Name.......................................................................................

The chairperson of the Board on .....................................................................(date)



                                             THIRD SCHEDULE
                                                       Part I

                                              (Section 84 (1) (a))
                                         Oath of Confidentiality

                                  IN THE HIGH COURT OF GHANA




         I..........................................................................................................being

appointed .........................................................................................do hereby swear/
solemnly affirm that I shall maintain during or after my relationship with
........................................... the confidentiality of any matter related to the banking
laws which come to my knowledge and shall not, on any account and at anytime,
disclose directly or indirectly to any person, any matter or information related to the
affairs of........................................... otherwise than for the purpose of the performance
of my function or the exercise of my powers under the banking laws or when lawfully
required to do so by a Judge in chambers or any court of law or under any enactment.

Signature of declarant....................................................................

Taken before me............................................................................

The Registrar of the High Court on ................................................................(date)


                                                          57
Act 738                            Banking (Amendment) Act, 2007




                                                        Part II

                                                (Section 84 (1) (b))
                                      Declaration of confidentiality



       I............................................................................................................... being
appointed ....................................................................do hereby declare that I shall
maintain during or after my relationship with ........................................................the
confidentiality of any matter related to the banking laws which come to my knowledge
and shall not, on any account and at any time, disclose directly or indirectly to any
person, any matter or information related to the affairs of .................................otherwise
than for the purpose of the performance of my functions or the exercise of my powers
under the banking laws or when lawfully required to do so by a Judge in chambers or
any court of law or under any enactment.



Signature of declarant...............................................................

Made before me.......................................................................

Name......................................................................................

The Chief Executive Officer on .........................................................................(date)



                                              FOURTH SCHEDULE
                                                   (Section 89B)
Value Added Tax Act, 1998 (Act 546);

Internal Revenue Act, 2000 (Act 592);

Financial Administration Act, 2003 (Act 654);

Stamp Duty Act, 2005 (Act 689); and

Other Acts specified by the Minister



                             Date of Gazette notification: 22nd June, 2007



                                                            58
Borrowers and Lenders Act, 2008
           (Act 773)
                          Borrowers and Lenders Act, 2008               Act 773



                              ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS
Section
 1. Application
 2. Meaning of credit agreement
 3. Meaning of credit facility
 4. Meaning of credit transaction
 5. Meaning of credit guarantee

                  Supervisory and enforcement role of Bank of Ghana
 6. Functions of the Bank of Ghana
 7. Rules by notices
 8. Investigation
 9. Examination
10. Order for search of premises
11. Power of Court to make certain orders
12. Administrative fines

                                     Borrower rights
13. Right to apply for credit
14. Protection against discrimination in respect of credit
15. Delivery of documents
16. Protection of borrower credit rights
17. Confidentiality, personal information and borrower credit records

                                 Disclosure of information
18. Pre-agreement disclosure
19. Marketing information
                             Repayment and recovery of debt
20. Borrower’s or guarantor’s obligations
                     Collateral registry and registration of charges
21. Collateral Registry
22. Object of the Registry
23. Functions of the Registry



                                            59
Act 773                  Borrowers and Lenders Act, 2008




24. Appointment of collateral Registrar
25. Registration of charges

26. Procedure on registration

27. Registration of satisfaction of debt

28. Expiry of time for registration

29. Appointment of receiver or manager

30. Registration of appointment or removal of receiver

31. Notices to be published in Gazette

                         Enforcement of borrower’s obligations
32. Default in payment

33. Remedies of lender on default

34. Lender’s right to possession

35. Mortgages

                                      Miscellaneous
36. Annual report

37. Regulations

38. Interpretation

                                       SCHEDULE




                                           60
                         Borrowers and Lenders Act, 2008                       Act 773



                        THE SEVEN HUNDRED SEVENTY-THIRD


                                           ACT
                                          ENTITLED

                        BORROWERS AND LENDERS ACT, 2008

      An Act to provide the legal framework for credit, to improve standards of disclosure
of information by borrowers and lenders, to prohibit certain credit practices, to promote
a consistent enforcement framework related to credit, and to provide for related matters.

                       DATE OF ASSENT: 23rd December 2008.

ENACTED by the President and Parliament:

                                  Preliminary matters

Application

    1. (1) This Act applies to

       (a) a credit agreement between parties who deal at arm’s length except

           (i)   a credit agreement covering an amount of less than one hundred Ghana
                 cedis (GH¢100) or an amount determined by the Bank of Ghana;

           (ii) any other credit agreement exempted by the Bank of Ghana by notice
                under this Act.

       (b) a credit guarantee where the guarantee is only in respect of a credit facility
           or credit transaction covered by this Act;

        (2) This Act applies to a credit agreement or proposed credit agreement whether
the lender resides or has its principal office within or outside the country, or is

       (a) an institution of state,

       (b) an entity controlled by an institution of state, or

       (c) an entity created by an enactment.



                                           61
Act 773                 Borrowers and Lenders Act, 2008




       (3) Where this Act applies to a credit agreement

       (a) it continues to apply to that agreement even if a party to that agreement
           ceases to reside or have its principal office within the country; and

       (b) it applies in relation to every transaction, act or omission under that
           agreement, whether or not that transaction, act or omission occurs within
           or outside the country.

       (4) For purposes of this Act parties are not dealing at arm’s length in the case of

          (a) a shareholder loan or other credit agreement between a corporate body
              as borrower and a person who has a significant shareholding in that
              corporate body, as lender;

          (b) a loan to a shareholder, or other credit agreement between a corporate
              body, as lender, and a person who has a controlling interest in that
              corporate body, as borrower;

          (c) a credit agreement between persons who are in a familial relationship;
              or

          (d) any other arrangement that is of a type that has been held in law to be
              between parties who are not dealing at arm’s length.

Meaning of credit agreement

     2. For the purpose of this Act a credit agreement is an agreement in the nature of
a credit facility, a credit transaction, a credit guarantee or any combination of these
which the lender

       (a) resides or has its principal office within or outside the country;

       (b) an institution of state;

       (c) an entity controlled by an institution of state; or

       (d) is an entity created by an enactment.

Meaning of credit facility

     3. An agreement is a credit facility if in that agreement the lender undertakes



                                           62
                         Borrowers and Lenders Act, 2008                        Act 773




       (a) to lend stipulated amounts within a specified period or at specified intervals
           agreed on with the borrower

           (i)   to the borrower,

           (ii) on behalf of the borrower, or

           (iii) at the direction of the borrower; and

       (b) to either

           (i)   defer the borrower’s obligation to repay the stipulated amount in para-
                 graph (a) to the lender,

           (ii) bill the borrower periodically for the amount stipulated in paragraph (a)
                whether or not a charge, fee or interest is payable to the lender in
                respect of the arrangements.

Meaning of credit transaction

     4. An agreement is a credit transaction if it is

           (a) a pawn transaction;

           (b) an installment agreement;

           (c) a mortgage or secured loan; or

            (d) a finance or operating lease
and it is not a credit facility or credit guarantee

Meaning of credit guarantee

     5. An agreement is a credit guarantee if in that agreement a third party undertakes
or promises to satisfy on demand an obligation of a borrower in a credit facility or credit
transaction to which this Act applies.

                  Supervisory and enforcement role of Bank of Ghana

Functions of the Bank of Ghana

     6. (1) In furtherance of this Act, the Bank of Ghana shall




                                             63
Act 773                   Borrowers and Lenders Act, 2008




         (a) promote and support the development of a fair, transparent, competitive,
             and accessible credit market;

         (b) receive complaints in writing about alleged contraventions of this Act;

         (c) monitor the credit market to detect and prevent conduct prohibited by
             this Act;

         (d) institute proceedings in case of contravention of this Act;

         (e) conduct investigation to ensure compliance with this Act;

         (f) issue and enforce compliance orders;

         (g) promote public awareness of credit matters, through

            (i)   public education, the design and dissemination of information to the
                  public; or

            (ii) the provision of guidance to the credit market and industry;

            (iii) adoption of other measures to develop public awareness of the provi-
                  sions of this Act;

         (h) advise the Minister on matters of national policy related to credit and on the
             determination of standards as regards protection of the rights of borrowers
             and lenders in terms of this Act; and

         (i) report to the Minister annually on the volume and cost of different types of
             credit products, market practices relating to those products, and their impli-
             cations for borrower choice and competition in the credit market.

         (2) In furtherance of subsection (1) the Bank may

         (a) have regard to international developments in the field of credit and financ-
             ing; or

         (b) consult a person, organisation or institution about a matter.

Rules by Notices

       7. The Bank may by Notice make rules for the effective implementation of this
Act.



                                            64
                        Borrowers and Lenders Act, 2008                        Act 773




Investigation

      8. Where the Bank has reason to suspect that a person has committed an offence
under this Act or has been found guilty of fraud or dishonesty in relation to any credit
agreement, the Bank may conduct investigations as it considers necessary in pursuance
of this Act.

Examination by Bank of Ghana

     9. (1) The Bank may examine the books, accounts, documents and transactions
of a lender.

       (2) The Bank may appoint a person to perform the function in subsection (1) on
terms and conditions determined by the Bank.

       (3) A person appointed by the Bank may make copies or take possession of
records of a lender.

       (4) A lender, a borrower, or other person shall give the Bank access to and shall
produce books, accounts, documents and information required to conduct the inspection.

        (5) A person who fails, without reasonable excuse, to furnish the Bank with the
information required commits an offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine
of not more than two thousand penalty units or to a term of imprisonment of not more
than four years or to both.

        (6) A person shall not disclose information obtained from the books produced
under this section without the previous consent in writing of the person who has custody
or control of the books, except to the Bank of Ghana and its officers and employees,
unless the publication or disclosure is required for the purposes of criminal proceedings
or other action under this Act.

Order for search of premises

   10. Where the Bank has reasonable grounds to suspect that

       (a) an action prohibited by this Act has taken place, is taking place, or is likely
           to take place on or in the premises;

       (b) an article connected with an investigation into the prohibited conduct is in
           the possession of, or under the control of, a person who is on or in the
           premises; or



                                           65
Act 773                 Borrowers and Lenders Act, 2008




       (c) books, the production of which have been requested by the Bank and have
           not been produced in compliance with the direction are in the possession or
           under the control of a person who is on or in the premises;
           the Bank may apply to court for the issue of a warrant authorising
the Bank or a person named in the warrant to enter and search the premises.

       (2) A person authorised to enter and search premises may

       (a) search the premises;

       (b) search any person on the premises if there are reasonable grounds to be-
           lieve that the person has personal possession of an article or document that
           has a bearing on the investigation;

       (c) examine an article or document that is on or in the premises and has a
           bearing on the investigation;

       (d) request information about an article or document from the owner of, or
           person in control of the premises or from a person who has control of the
           article or document, or from any other person who may have the informa-
           tion;

       (e) take extracts from, or make copies of, any book or document that is on or in
           the premises and has a bearing on the investigation;

       (f) use any computer system on the premises, or require assistance of person
           on the premises to use that computer system, to

          (i)   access any data contained in or available to that computer system;

          (ii) reproduce any record from that data;

          (iii) seize an output from that computer for examination and copying; and

          (iv) attach, and if necessary, remove from the premises for examination
               and safekeeping, any item that has a bearing on the investigation.

        (3) The powers conferred under subsection (1) are in addition to, and not in
derogation of, any other powers conferred by the Criminal Offences Act, 1960 (Act 29)
or a law related to search of premises.




                                          66
                         Borrowers and Lenders Act, 2008                         Act 773




       (4) In this section “premises” includes structure, building, place, aircraft, vehicle
and vessel.

Power of Court to make certain orders

    11. (1) Where on the application of a person alleging infringement under this Act,
it appears to a court that a person

       (a) has committed an offence under this Act,

       (b) has contravened the conditions or restrictions of a licence or a code of
           conduct issued by or with the permission of the Bank, or

        (c) is about to do an act that, if done, would be an offence or contravention
            of this Act,
the Court may, without limitation to any other orders it may make, make an order to
secure compliance with any other order under this section, and direct a person to do or
refrain from doing a specified act.

        (2) A person who, without reasonable excuse, contravenes or fails to comply
with an order under subsection (1) commits an offence and is liable on summary
conviction to a fine of not more than five thousand penalty units or to a term of
imprisonment of not more than ten years or to both.

Administrative fines

     12. The Bank may impose an administrative fine of not more than five thousand
penalty units and in the case of a continued breach an additional fine of not more than
fifty penalty units for each day the breach continues.

                                     Borrower rights

Right to apply for credit

   13. (1) A person who has a legal capacity to enter into a contract may apply to a
lender for credit.

       (2) A lender may refuse to enter into a credit agreement with a prospective
borrower on reasonable commercial grounds consistent with the lender’s customary
risk management and underwriting practices.

        (3) This Act does not establish a right of a person to require a lender to enter



                                            67
Act 773                    Borrowers and Lenders Act, 2008




into a credit agreement with that person.

Protection against discrimination in respect of credit

   14. (1) A lender shall not discriminate against a person on the grounds of race,
gender, ethnicity, political affiliation, or religion to

       (a) assess the ability of the person to meet the obligations of a proposed credit
           agreement;

       (b) decide whether to refuse an application to enter into a credit agreement, or
           to offer or enter into a credit agreement;

       (c) determine an aspect of the cost of a credit agreement to the borrower;

       (d) propose or agree on the terms and conditions of a credit agreement;

       (e) assess or require compliance by the person with the terms of a credit agree-
           ment;

       (f) exercise any right of the lender under a credit agreement, this Act or any
           legislation relating to credit; or

       (g) determine whether to continue, enforce, seek judgment as regard a credit
           agreement or terminate a credit agreement.

       (2) A person aggrieved by a decision of a lender may make a complaint to the
Bank for redress.

Delivery of documents

   15. A lender shall deliver a document required to be delivered to a borrower

       (a) in person;

       (b) by ordinary mail;

       (c) by facsimile;

       (d) by electronic-mail;

       (e) by printable web-page; or



                                            68
                           Borrowers and Lenders Act, 2008                      Act 773




         (f) any other means agreed between the lender and the borrower.

Protection of borrower credit rights

      16. (1) A lender shall not in response to a borrower’s exercise of a right under this
Act

         (a) penalise the borrower;

         (b) alter, or propose to alter the terms or conditions of a credit agreement with
             the borrower to the detriment of the borrower; or

         (c) take an action to accelerate, enforce, suspend or terminate a credit agree-
             ment with the borrower.

          (2) Where a credit agreement or the provision of a credit agreement is

             (a) declared unlawful, or

             (b) severed from the agreement,
             the lender in that agreement shall not, in response to that decision

             (i)   alter the terms or conditions of other credit agreement with a party to
                   the impugned agreement, except to the extent necessary to correct a
                   similarly unlawful provision; or

             (ii) take an action to accelerate, enforce, suspend or terminate another
                  credit agreement with another party to the impugned agreement.

Confidentiality, personal information and borrower credit records

   17. A lender or a person who acts on behalf of a lender shall not disclose information
obtained from a borrower unless the information is required under the Credit Reporting
Act, 2007 (Act 726) under any other law or by a court.

                                  Disclosure of information

Pre-agreement disclosure

   18. (1) A lender shall not conclude a credit agreement with a prospective borrower
unless the lender provides the prospective borrower with a pre-agreement statement
and quotation in the form specified in the Schedule.



                                             69
Act 773                  Borrowers and Lenders Act, 2008




        (2) A pre-agreement statement shall specify

           (a) the principal amount;

           (b) the proposed disbursement schedule of the principal debt;

           (c) the interest rate;

           (d) other credit costs;

           (e) the total amount involved in the proposed agreement,

           (f) the proposed repayment schedule; and

           (g) the basis of any cost that may be assessed if the borrower breaches
               the contract.

      (3) A lender who contravenes this section is liable to an administrative sanction
imposed by the Bank.

         (4) In furtherance of subsection (3), a borrower may sue a lender for damages
for loss suffered as a result of the contravention.

Marketing information

    19. (1) Any written solicitation to induce a person to apply for or obtain credit shall
include

           (a) the name and business address of the lender;

           (b) the nature of the proposed credit agreement;

           (c) the lender’s current annual interest rate and other costs of credit;

           (d) whether deposit or security is required;

           (e) whether residual payment will be required;

           (f) whether other restrictions apply; and

           (g) any other information determined by the Bank.



                                            70
                        Borrowers and Lenders Act, 2008                       Act 773




        (2) A person who makes an oral solicitation to induce a person to apply for or
obtain credit shall provide a written statement which contains the information set out in
subsection (1).

                             Repayment and recovery of debt

Borrower’s or guarantor’s obligations

    20. (1) A borrower or guarantor may settle the credit amount at any time, subject
to notice requirements as the conditions provided for in a credit agreement.

      (2) A credit agreement may provide for the terms and conditions of any
prepayment and the order in which advance payments are to be applied;

       (3) Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, the amount required to settle a
debt agreement is the total of

           (a) the principal amount;

           (b) the accrued interest charges;

           (c) a prepayment charge, if any, agreed between the borrower and the
               lender; and

           (d) the other fees and charges payable by the borrower to the lender up
               to the date for settlement.

        (4) Subject to notice requirements provided in a credit agreement, a lender
shall accept any payment under a credit agreement when it is tendered, even if that is
before the date on which the payment is due.

       (5) A lender shall credit each payment made under a credit agreement to the
borrower as of the date of receipt of the payment.

                     Collateral registry and registration of charges

Collateral Registry

   21. There is established by this Act a registry known as the Collateral Registry.

Object of the Registry

   22. The object of the Registry is to register charges and collaterals created by
borrowers to secure credit facilities provided by lenders.


                                           71
Act 773                  Borrowers and Lenders Act, 2008




Functions of the Registry

   23. The Registry shall register charges and collateral and perform other functions
as determined by the Bank.

Appointment of collateral Registrar

   24. The Bank shall appoint a Registrar of charges and collateral on terms and
conditions specified in the letter of appointment.

Registration of charges

    25. (1) A borrower or a person interested in a charge shall register a certified copy
of a charge or collateral created by the borrower in favour of a lender with the Collateral
Registry within twenty-eight days after the date of the creation of the collateral or
charge.

        (2) Where a charge is created by a company, the requirement to register charges
with the Collateral Registry under this section shall be in addition to the requirement
under section 107 of the Companies Act, 1963 (Act 179) to register charges with the
Registrar of Companies.

        (3) A charge which is not registered in accordance with subsection (1) is of no
effect as security for a borrower’s obligations for repayment of the money secured and
the money secured shall immediately become payable despite any provision to the
contrary in any contract.

Procedure on registration

   26. (1) The Collateral Registrar shall specify in the register

       (a) the name of the borrower;

       (b) the name of the lender;

       (c) the nature of the charge;

       (d) the date of creation of the charge;

       (e) the amount secured by the charge,

       (f) short particulars of the property charged; and


                                            72
                            Borrowers and Lenders Act, 2008                       Act 773




           (g) in the case of a floating charge, the nature of any restriction on the power
               of the borrower or chargor to grant further charges that rank in priority to
               or with the charge created.

     (2) This section does not affect the provisions of other enactment related to the
registration of charges.

     (3) In furtherance of this section, the Registrar shall keep, with respect to each
borrower; a register of the particulars of the charge delivered for registration.

     (4) The Registrar shall issue a certificate of the registration of particulars of any
charge registered to the borrower.

     (5) The certificate shall be evidence in the absence of a copy of the document on
the charge.

Registration of satisfaction of debt

   27. (1) The Registrar shall, on application in the prescribed form and on proof of

           (a) payment in whole or in part for the debt for which the charge was cre-
               ated, or

       (b) the release of the whole or part of the property charged,
enter a memorandum of release of debt in the Register and furnish the borrower
with a copy of the memorandum.

           (2) The memorandum shall specify whether the charge is released in whole or
in part.

Expiry of time for registration

    28. (1) The Registrar may accept for registration particulars of a charge submitted
later than the time specified in section 25 on satisfaction that

           (a) the failure to register particulars of the charge within the specified time
               shall not prejudice the position of creditors or shareholders of the borrower,
               or

           (b) it is just and equitable to allow the registration on terms that the Registrar
               considers just and expedient to extend the time for registration.




                                              73
Act 773                 Borrowers and Lenders Act, 2008




       (2) The extension of time for registration of charge

          (a) shall not, unless otherwise decided by a court adversely affect the right
              of a person who, prior to the date of actual registration of particulars of
              the charge, may have acquired proprietary rights in, or a fixed or float-
              ing charge on, the property subject to the charge, and

          (b) is of no effect against a liquidator, official trustee, and creditors of the
              borrower, if insolvency or winding-up proceedings that affect the bor-
              rower commences before the date of actual registration of the charge.

Appointment of receiver or manager

   29. A lender in whose favour a charge is created may

       (a) appoint a receiver or manager, or

       (b) apply to court for the appointment of a receiver or manager to

          (i)   take possession of and protect the property,

          (ii) receive the rents and profits and discharge the outgoings of the
               property, or

          (iii) realise the security on behalf of the lender.

Registration of appointment or removal of receiver

   30. (1) A person who

       (a) appoints a receiver or manager,

       (b) obtains an order for the appointment of a receiver or manager, or

       (c) enters into possession of the property under the powers contained in a
           charge, shall, within ten days after the date of the appointment, order or
           entry into possession give notice of the fact to the Registrar.

        (2) The Registrar shall enter the notice of appointment of receiver or manager
in the register of the particulars of charges relating to the borrower.




                                           74
                         Borrowers and Lenders Act, 2008                        Act 773




        (3) Where a

       (a) person appointed receiver of the property of the lender ceases to act as
           receiver or manager, or

        (b) person who has entered into possession goes out of possession
the lender shall, within ten days of the occurrence’ of the events in paragraph (a) or
(b), give notice to that effect in the prescribed form to the Registrar who shall enter the
notice in the register of particulars of charges.

         (4) A person who fails to give notice under this section commits an offence and
is liable on summary conviction to

       (a) in the case of an entity, a fine of not more than one thousand penalty units,
           or

       (b) in the case of an individual, two hundred and fifty penalty units or to a term
           of imprisonment of not less than two years or to both.

Notices to be published in Gazette

   31. The Registrar shall cause a copy of the notice given under section 30 to be
published in the Gazette.

                         Enforcement of borrower’s obligations

Default in payment

    32. (1) Where a borrower fails to make payment on the due date for a payment, the
lender shall give notice of default to the borrower in writing and request the borrower
to pay the amount due within thirty days.

        (2) The lender may send the notice by

           (a) hand,

           (b) courier service,

           (c) registered mail, or

           (d) other means determined by the lender in consultation with the borrower.




                                            75
Act 773                  Borrowers and Lenders Act, 2008




        (3) Where the notice is delivered

           (a) by hand, it shall take effect on the date it is received by or on behalf
               of the borrower; and

           (b) by courier service or registered mail, it shall take effect on the day it
               is officially recorded as delivered by return receipt or its equivalent.

        (4) If a borrower fails to pay or make satisfactory arrangements to pay the
amount outstanding to the lender within thirty days after the date of receipt of the
notice, the lender may enforce the rights provided for under this Act.

Remedies of lender on default

   33. Where a borrower fails to pay an amount secured by a charge under this Act,
the lender may

       (a) sue the borrower on any covenant to perform under the credit agreement,
           or

       (b) realise the security in the property charged on notice to the person in posses-
           sion of the property.

Lender’s right to possession

     34. (1) In the exercise of right of possession of property that is subject to a charge
to secure a borrower’s obligations under a credit agreement, a lender is not obliged to
initiate proceedings in court to enforce the right of possession.

       (2) Where a lender is unable to enforce a right of possession in a peaceable
manner, the lender may use the services of the police to evict the borrower or other
person in possession pursuant to a warrant issued by a court.

        (3) A person who

           (a) fails without reasonable excuse, to vacate premises being foreclosed
               by a lender under subsection (1) when duly requested to do so, or

         (b) obstructs a lender in the lawful exercise of power conferred on the
               lender by this section,
commits an offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine of not more than five
hundred penalty units or to a term of imprisonment of not more than six months or to


                                            76
                         Borrowers and Lenders Act, 2008                         Act 773




both; and in the case of a continuing offence, to a further fine not exceeding fifty
penalty units in respect of any day on which the offence continues.

Mortgages

   35. (1) The Mortgages Act, 1972 (NRCD 96) does not apply to the rights of a lender
under this Act in the event of default on the part of a borrower.

         (2) Where there is a conflict between the provisions of this Act and the provisions
of the Mortgages Act or other laws or rules applicable to the enforcement of a lender’s
rights, the provisions of this Act shall prevail.

                                      Miscellaneous

Annual report

   36. (1) The Bank shall, within six months after the expiration of each financial year,
submit to the Minister an annual report on the administration of this Act.

        (2) The annual report shall include

           (a) a record of violations and remedial actions taken,

           (b) volumes of different types of credit products, and

           (c) proposals for ongoing improvement for the effective administration of
               this Act.

Regulations

  37. The Minister may, in consultation with the Bank, by Legislative Instrument
make Regulations for the effective implementation of this Act.

Interpretation

   38. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires

         “Bank” means the Bank of Ghana continued in existence in section 1 of the
             Bank of Ghana Act, 2002 (Act 612);

         “borrower” means a person who has concluded a credit agreement with a
              lender;


                                            77
Act 773              Borrowers and Lenders Act, 2008




     “charge” means charge, mortgage, security, interest, lien, pledge, assignment
          by way of security, covenant, restriction, reservation, lease, trust, order,
          decree, judgment, title defect (including retention of title claim), or any
          other encumbrance of any nature other than liens arising by operation of
          law;

     “chargor” means a lender in whose favour a charge is created;

     “lender” means a person who, as part of business, advances loans and other
          credit facilities including micro credit facilities;

     “person” includes an individual, a company, a partnership, an association, and
          any other group of persons acting in concert, whether incorporated or
          not;

     “premises” includes any building, structure, land or other place;

     “prescribed” means prescribed by Regulations, Rules, Notices, or Directives
          made or issued under this Act;

     “property” includes movable and immovable property and choses in action;

     “receiver” means a person appointed as receiver in accordance with the
          provisions of this Act, including a receiver and manager or similar officer;

     “Registrar” means the Registrar of Collateral appointed under section 24 of
          this Act;

     “significant shareholding” means a direct or indirect holding in a non-bank
          financial institution

     (a)   which represents ten per cent or more of the capital or of the voting
           right, or

     (b)   which makes it possible to exercise a significant influence over the
           management of the institution in which a holding subsists.




                                       78
                               Borrowers and Lenders Act, 2008                               Act 773




                                                SCHEDULE

                 PRE-AGREEMENT TRUTH IN LENDING DISCLOSURE
                          STATEMENT: SECTION 18 (1)

                    (This is neither a Contract nor a commitment to Lend)

Lender’s Name:
Applicant                                                     Prepared by:



Address:
Application No:                                               Date Prepared:


       ANNUAL                                                    AMOUNT                 TOTAL OF
                                   FINANCE
     PERCENTAGE                                                 FINANCED                PAYMENTS
                                   CHARGE
        RATE

 The cost of your          The amount the credit          The amount of credit    The amount you will
 credit at a yearly rate   will cost you (specify cur-    provided to you or on   have paid after making
                           rency and amount)              your behalf             all payments as sched-
                                                                                  uled


 %                         US$/GH¢                        US$/GH¢                 US$/GH¢

 REQUIRED DEPOSIT PAYMENTS:

 Your payment schedule will be:

 Number of Payments                           Amount of Payments              When Payments Due


     DEMAND FEATURE: This obligation has a demand feature

     VARIABLE RATE FEATURE: This loan contains a variable rate feature.
     A variable rate disclosure has been provided earlier.

 INSURANCE: The folllowing insurance is required to obtain credit:
    Credit life insurance       Credit disability        Property insurance

     Flood insurance




                                                         79
Act 773                    Borrowers and Lenders Act, 2008




You may obtain the insurance from anyone you want that is acceptable to creditor. If you purchase
property, flood insurance from creditor, you will pay US$/GH¢ for a one year term.

SECURITY: You are giving a security interest in:


The goods or perperty being purchased                               Real property you already own



FILING FEES: US$/GH¢
LATE CHARGE: If a payment is more than [           ] days late, you will be charged %

PREPAYMENT: If you pay off early, you



   will/will not have to pay a penalty of [   ]

   may/may not be entitled to a refund of part of the finance charge.




                     Date of Gazette notification: 9th January, 2009




                                                   80
Central Securities Depository Act 2007
               (Act 733)




                  1
                     Central Securities Depository Act, 2007                       Act 733



                             ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS
Section
             Establishment and functions of central securities depository
 1. Establishment of a central securities depository
 2. Application procedure
 3. Grant of application
 4. Conditions for grant of application
 5. Alterations to central securities depository rules by a depository
 6. Amendment of a central securities depository rules by the Commission
 7. Functions of a central securities depository
 8. Fees
 9. Appointment of participants for central securities depository
10. Directions by central securities depository
11. Central securities depository to provide assistance to the Commission
                        Admitted and dematerialised securities
12. Issue of uncertificated or dematerialised securities
13. Admittance of securities
14. Verification of certificates and transfer to a central securities depository
15. Trading of eligible securities
16. Restriction on trade in eligible securities
17. Receipt of certificates of eligible securities for safe custody
18. Liability of a central securities depository for loss or damage of certificates
19. Withdrawal of immobilised securities
20. Trading of securities withdrawn from central securities depository
21. Withdrawal of prescribed securities prohibited
22. Dematerialisation of securities
23. Central securities depository to maintain official record of depositors
24. Issuer not to issue certificates in respect of dematerialised securities
25. Effect of reference to records in a central securities depository
26. Application to collective investment schemes
27. Rules in respect of dematerialised securities




                                            81
Act 733              Central Securities Depository Act, 2007




                             Securities accounts and records
28. Dealers in book-entry securities to hold securities account
29. Issuance of statements of accounts
30. Duty of central securities depository to keep records and accounts
31. Audit of records and accounts
                            Securities transactions and entries
32. Evidence of transactions in respect of deposited securities
33. Provision of record of depositors to issuers
34. Depositor to be treated as member or debenture holder
35. Register of Depositors
36. Termination and set-off
37. Prohibition in dealings in book-entry securities
38. Public offer of securities
39. Corporate actions
40. Underwriters to open securities accounts
41. Charging of securities
42. Securities in or under suspense
                     Security, secrecy and investigation provisions
43. Security measures
44. Duty to maintain secrecy
45. Permitted disclosures
46. Regulation of access to computer system
47. Power of the Commission to require production of records
48. Power of Commission to enter and search premises
49. Disclosure to Commission
50. Investigation by Commission
51. Power of Court to make orders
                                 Miscellaneous provisions
52. Preservation of records and accounts
53. Guarantee Fund
54. Falsification of records or accounts




                                            82
                      Central Securities Depository Act, 2007   Act 733




55. Destruction, concealment, or alteration of records
56. Furnishing false or misleading information
57. Offences by bodies corporate
58. General penalty
59. Regulations
60. Interpretation
61. References
62. Consequential amendments




                                         83
Act 733              Central Securities Depository Act, 2007




                   THE SEVEN HUNDRED AND THIRTY-THIRD


                                        ACT
                 OF THE PARLIAMENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF GHANA

                                       ENTITLED

              THE CENTRAL SECURITIES DEPOSITORY ACT, 2007

AN ACT to establish central securities depositories to regulate dealings in securities and
to provide for related matters.

                           DATE OF ASSENT: l6th May, 2007

ENACTED by the President and Parliament:

Establishment and functions of central securities depository

Establishment of a central securities depository

   1. A central securities depository may be established by a company registered
under the Companies Code, 1963 (Act 179).

Application procedure

    2. (1) A person who intends to establish or operate a central securities depository
shall, apply in writing to the Commission.

       (2) The application shall be in writing and accompanied by central securities
depository rules made by the applicant in a manner and form prescribed by the
Commission and shall provide for

       (i) the proper and efficient operation, management and maintenance of the
           central depository;

       (ii) the clearing and settlement service to facilitate buying, selling and other
            dealings in securities and the operations of the depository service;

       (iii) the confidentiality and protection of information and documents related to
             the affairs of persons holding securities accounts with the central securities
             depository and the securities accounts held by them; and




                                           84
                    Central Securities Depository Act, 2007                    Act 733




       (iv) any other information that the Commission may prescribe.

Grant of application

    3. The Commission shall grant an application in writing if it is satisfied that


          (a) the proposed central securities depository rules of the applicant are
              rules approved by the Commission,

          (b) the establishment and maintenance of the central securities depository,
              promote the positive development of securities market in the country,
              and

          (c) the interest of the public dealings with securities, will be served.

Conditions for grant of application

    4. The Commission may, impose conditions in relation to

          (a) the paid-up or authorised capital of the depository,

          (b) the shareholding of the members of the depository

          (c) the appointment of the board of directors and management of the
              depository, and

          (d) any other matters that the Commission considers appropriate in
              approving an application.

Alterations to central securities depository rules by a depository

   5. (1) A depository shall not amend its rules, except with the prior approval of the
Commission.

       (2) A depository which intends to amend its rules shall apply in writing to the
           Commission.

       (3) The Commission shall within thirty days after receipt of the application
           communicate its decision in writing to the depository.




                                           85
Act 733              Central Securities Depository Act, 2007




Amendment of a central securities depository rules by the Commission

    6. (1) The Commission may amend the central securities depository rules after
consultation with the depository

      (2) The Commission shall in writing specify any amendments made and the
          date on which the amendment shall come into force.

Functions of a central securities depository

    7. A depository shall

          (a) facilitate the admittance of securities into the central securities de-
              pository;

          (b) facilitate the deposit and withdrawal of certificates in respect of
              securities admitted in the central securities depository

          (c) facilitate the dematerialisation of securities accounts;

          (d) open, maintain and close securities accounts;

          (e) establish a proper and efficient system for the verification, inspection,
              identification and recording of book-entry securities with the central
              depository;

          (f) facilitate the efficient transfer of book-entry securities;

          (g) facilitate the efficient process of cash payment in exchange for securi-
              ties;

          (h) facilitate the registration of dealings in book-entry securities;

          (i)   operate securities accounts for the handling of book-entry securities
                and

          (j) designate one or more banks as a settlement partner for the settle-
              ment of funds in respect of transactions cleared through a depository;

          (k) facilitate the efficient collection of fees and other charges that maybe
              required;




                                          86
                      Central Securities Depository Act, 2007                 Act 733




           (l)   guard against falsification of any records or accounts required to be
                 kept or maintained under this Act; and

           (m) perform other functions that are necessary to ensure orderly dealings
               in admitted or dematerialised securities, or as the Commission may
               from time to time prescribe.
Fees

    8. A depository shall charge such fees for its services and facilities as approved by
the Commission.

Appointment of participants for a central securities depository

    9. (1) A central securities depository may appoint participants comprising the fol-
lowing in writing:

           (a) a licensed dealing member of a stock exchange,

           (b) a registrar, custodian, stockbroker, or a person licensed by the Commis-
               sion as a dealer in securities,

           (c) a unit trust scheme or mutual fund licensed by the Commission,

           (d) a person licensed by the Bank of Ghana as a bank under the Banking
               Act 2004, (Act 673) or as a Non-Bank financial institution under the
               Financial Institutions (Non-Banking) Law 1993 (RN.D.C.L. 328);

           (e) an institutional investor, or

           (f) a body corporate of a type prescribed by the Commission.

       (2) A person shall not act as participant of a depository unless the person is
duly appointed by the relevant depository

       (3) A central securities depository participant shall

           (a) perform functions approved for the depository under the Central secu-
               rities depository rules, and

           (b) produce or make available to the depository or to the Commission when
               required, any information or document relating to a securities account.




                                           87
Act 733              Central Securities Depository Act, 2007




Directions by central securities depository

   10. (1) A depository may, give directions to an issuer of securities or a participant in
performing its functions under this Act, and the issuer or participant shall comply with
the directions.

       (2) An issuer or participant who fails to comply with directions given by a
depository commits an offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine of not
more than five hundred penalty units or a term of imprisonment of not more than five
years or to both.

Central securities depository to provide assistance to the Commission

  11. (1) A depository shall provide assistance to the Commission for the perfor-
mance of its functions.

       (2) The Commission and its agents shall have access to any part of the premises
           of a depository at reasonable times to ensure compliance with this Act.

                         Admitted and dematerialised securities
Issue of uncertificated or dematerialised securities

   12. (1) An issuer of securities to the public may

       (a) issue a security in uncertiflcated or dematerialised form where it is authorised
           in its regulations and authorised by a resolution of its board of directors,

       (b) convert a certificated security into an uncertificated security where it is
           authorised in its regulations and by a resolution of its board of directors.

       (2) A person may opt to hold a certificated security or a security in book entry
form with a depository.

        (3) Where a person opts to hold a security with a depository, the issuer shall
give to the depository, details of the allotted security.

         (4) The depository shall on receipt of details of the allotted security enter it in
its records in the name of the allottee as the beneficial owner of the security.

Admittance of securities

   13. (1) Subject to subsection (2), a stock exchange may, after consultation with a



                                            88
                       Central Securities Depository Act, 2007                    Act 733




central securities depositors prescribe that any security

       (a) listed or quoted, or

        (b) proposed to be listed or quoted,
on the stock exchange, be admitted by depositing the security with the central securities
depository.

        (2) A stock exchange shall give notice to the public of all eligible securities
prescribed by it to be admitted into a depository in respect of securities listed or quoted
on the stock exchange.

        (3) The deposit by a person of an eligible security with a depository participant
shall be considered to be a deposit of the security with that central depository

        (4) A central securities depository shall hold securities in book-entry form only.

Verification of certificates and transfer to a central securities depository

   14. (1) A depository or its participant shall lodge the certificate and instrument with
the issuer within the period prescribed in the central securities depository rules after
deposit of a certificate representing an eligible security and an instrument of transfer in
respect of that security.

        (2) The issuer shall register the transfer of the security in respect of the certifi-
cates in the name of the depository or its nominee company on receipt of the certificate
and instrument.

        (3) The issuer shall refuse registration of the transfer where

           (a) the certificate is not a genuine certificate or is a certificate that has
               been reported lost or destroyed, and

           (b) in relation to any security,

                 (i)   there has been a duplication in the issue of the certificate repre-
                       senting that security,

                 (ii) a certificate has been issued in excess of the issued e4pital of the
                      issuer, or

                 (iii) the issuer has been served with an order of a Court prohibiting
                       dealing in respect of the security underlying the certificate.



                                              89
Act 733              Central Securities Depository Act, 2007




       (4) The issuer shall, in any case other than a case referred to in subsection (3),
cancel a certificate and substitute in its records the name of the depository or its
nominee as a registered owner in respect of that security and inform the depository.

        (5) A depository shall enter the name of the depositor in its records as the
beneficial owner.

        (6) Where an issuer refuses registration of a transfer, the issuer shall serve on
the transferor and the central securities depository, a written notice giving reasons for
the refusal.

      (7) An instrument of transfer lodged with an issuer may be registered in the
name of a depository or its nominee company.

       (8) This section does not apply to bearer securities.

Trading of eligible securities

   15. (1) This Act applies to trading in eligible securities during the period beginning
on the day immediately after the notification date and ending on the admission date.

        (2) A depository or depository participant, shall accept a certificate represent-
ing an eligible security to be admitted for the purpose of settlement of any trade on a
stock exchange in accordance with the central securities depository rule.

      (3) Section 14 shall apply to depository agents and issuers with whom the
documents referred to in subsection (2) of this section have been lodged.

Restriction on trade in eligible securities

   16. (1) A person shall not trade in any eligible security on a stock exchange, after
the admission date, unless the security has been deposited with a depository in accor-
dance with this Act.

        (2) Despite subsection (1), an eligible security may be deposited at the deposi-
tory after the admission date at any time subject to the additional fees, that may be
imposed under the central securities depository rules.

Receipt of certificates of eligible securities for safe custody

   17. (1) A depository may prescribe a date by notice after which a member of
a stock exchange may not receive a certificate representing an eligible security
for safe custody.



                                           90
                       Central Securities Depository Act, 2007                     Act 733




        (2) A depository shall give notice to the public of the date prescribed.

Liability of a central securities depository for loss or damage of certificates

  18. (1) A depository and its participants are liable to a depositor for any loss or
damage in respect of a certificate deposited by a depositor with the central securities
depository or depository participant.

         (2) Despite subsection (1), a depository is not liable for loss or damage of a
certificate the transfer of which is not capable of registration.

        (3) Subsection (2) shall not relieve a depository participant from any obligation
imposed on the depository participant by the rules of a stock exchange in its capacity
as a member of the stock exchange to effect buying-in resulting from a refusal of an
issuer to register a transfer.

Withdrawal of immobilised securities

   19. (1) A depositor may, withdraw a security standing to the credit of the depositor’s
securities account on application to the depository.

        (2) Where an application for the withdrawal of a deposited security is made and
the appropriate notification and withdrawal documents are received by the issuer or its
share registry in accordance with the rules of the central securities depository, the
issuer or its share registry, shall complete and deliver to the central securities deposi-
tory certificates in connection with the transfer of the securities within 14 days after the
date of receipt of the withdrawal documents to be fowarded to the participant.

          (3) Despite subsection (1) withdrawals are not allowed for government securi-
ties.

Trading of securities withdrawn from central securities depository

   20. (1) A person shall not trade securities withdrawn from a depository on a stock
exchange unless the security is re-deposited in a depository.

        (2) A security which is re-deposited with a central securities depository shall
not be utilised to settle a transaction which took place on a stock exchange prior to the
re-deposit of that security.

        (3) Section 15 relating to eligible securities shall apply in respect of a re-depos-
ited security.



                                             91
Act 733               Central Securities Depository Act, 2007




Withdrawal of prescribed securities prohibited

   21. (1) A person shall not withdraw from a depository, security which is prescribed
as a dematerialised security.

        (2) A stock exchange may, with the prior approval of the Commission, restrict
or prohibit the withdrawal of a security or class of securities which is listed or quoted by
the stock exchange for a period and in a manner as it considers appropriate.

        (3) Where a stock exchange restricts or prohibits the withdrawal of book entry
securities the stock exchange shall

       (a) inform the depository of the decision, and

       (b) give notice to the public of


           (i)   the book-entry securities restricted or prohibited from withdrawal,
                 and

           (ii) the period of the restriction or prohibition.

Dematerialisation of securities

   22. (1) A depository may in consultation with the Commission, prescribe a period
after which securities or a class of securities held or to be held by the depository shall
be dematerialised in accordance with the process laid down under the central securities
depository rules.

        (2) An issuer of a dematerialised security shall be notified by the depository of
the decision taken in accordance with subsection (1).

        (3) An issuer of a dematerialised security shall

           (i)   give notice to the public that the security shall, on the dematerialisation
                 date, become a dematerialised security; and

           (ii) take necessary steps to amend its Regulations, deed of establishment,
                trust deed, or enabling statute, as the case maybe, to comply with this
                Act and the central securities depository rules within a period stipulated
                in the notice upon being notified of the decision.




                                            92
                     Central Securities Depository Act, 2007                     Act 733




        (4) A notice of dematerialisation shall specify a dematerialisation date of not
less than one month from the date of publication of the notice.

Central securities depository to maintain official record of depositors

   23. (1) Every issuer of a security prescribed as a dematerialised security, shall on or
after the dematerialisation date

       (a) surrender the physical register of members or debenture holders to the
           depository, and

       (b) provide information to the central securities depository of any member or
           debenture holder who appears in the appropriate register as a holder of a
           certificate not already admitted by the depository.

       (2) A depository shall maintain an official Register which shall include the name
and particulars of

       (a) each depositor with a security credited to a securities account held by the
           depositor, and

       (b) each member or debenture holder whose name appear under the appropriate
           register of members or debenture holders of the company.

     (3) Despite sections 32 and 96 of the Companies Code relating to register of
members and debenture holders, a record of depositors maintained shall

       (a) contain information in computerised record form; and

       (b) contain any other information as may be required under the central security
           depository rules.

       (4) This section shall not apply to any bearer security, or be construed as making
the depository an agent of the issuer for the purpose of providing registration services.

Issuer not to issue certificates in respect of dematerialised securities

   24. An issuer shall not issue a certificate in respect of a dematerialised security after
the dematerialisation date.

Effect of reference to records in a central securities depository

   25. (1) With effect from the date of dematerialisation and despite the provisions of
the Companies Code or the Regulations of the issuer, a reference in respect of a
dematerialised security to



                                            93
Act 733             Central Securities Depository Act, 2007




       (a) a register of members or debenture holders including branch registers,
           maintained by a company under the Companies Code is a reference to the
           record of depositors maintained by the depository,

       (b) a transfer of shares or debentures under the Companies Code is a reference
           to a book-entry transfer performed by the depository, and

       (c) a certificate, or an instrument of transfer representing any security which is
           used as prima facie evidence of ownership of that security is a reference to
           a statement of account issued by the central securities depository.

        (2) Sections 32 and 96 of the Companies Code shall not apply to a dematerialised
security.

Application to collective investment schemes

   26. (1) With effect from the dematerialisation date and despite any provision in
trust deed of a collective investment scheme, a reference to

       (a) a register of a collective investment scheme, is a reference to the record of
           depositors maintained by the depository

       (b) a transfer of interest in a collective investment scheme from one investor to
           another, is a reference to a book-entry transfer by the central securities
           depository and

       (c) a certificate issued as evidence of an interest in a collective investment
           scheme, is a statement of account issued by the depository.

Rules in respect of dematerialised securities

   27. The Commission may prescribe rules in respect of dematerialised securities

       (a) to effect the replacement of physical registers with book-entry records where
           the dematerialised security is a security other than a share or debenture
           under the Companies Code, or an interest in a collective investment scheme,
           and

       (b) to specify forms for recording interest in securities standing to the credit of
           any depositor before the dematerialisation date.




                                           94
                     Central Securities Depository Act, 2007                     Act 733




                            Securities accounts and records

Dealers in book-entry securities to hold securities account

   28. (1) A person shall not deal in book-entry securities unless the person holds a
securities account with a central securities depository

        (2) A depository may establish different types of securities accounts for different
classes of persons or securities.

        (3) An entry in a securities account in respect of a transaction shall

       (a) in the case of a securities account established and maintained directly by a
           central securities depository be considered to have been made by, or with
           the authority of, the central securities depository; and

       (b) in the case of a securities account established through, and maintained by a
           depository agent on behalf of a depository, be considered as having been
           made by, or with the authority of, the depository agent.

       (4) A record of an entry in a securities account in respect of a transaction in
book-entry securities shall be prima facie evidence of the matters recorded.

Issuance of statements of accounts

  29. (1) A depository shall issue statements of accounts to depositors, in respect of
book-entry securities held by or registered in the name of the depository or its nominee
company for the depositors at a time and in a manner prescribed.

         (2) Despite subsection (1), a depositor may, require the depository to issue by
written notice to the depositor, a statement of accounts in respect of book-entry secu-
rities held by or registered in the name of the depository or its nominee company on
behalf of the depositor.

        (3) A depository shall on receipt of a written notice and upon payment of charges
which maybe imposed under the central securities depository rules, issue to the de-
positor the statement of account required.

       (4) A statement of accounts issued under this section is evidence of truth of the
matters specified in that statement of account.

Duty of central securities depository to keep records and accounts

   30. A depository shall keep records and accounts to show particulars of


                                            95
Act 733              Central Securities Depository Act, 2007




       (a) transfers of book-entry securities to and from a securities account,

       (b) income received from commissions, fees, charges and other sources, and
           expenses, commissions, and other payments made or paid by the central
           securities depository, and

       (c) assets and liabilities including contingent liabilities of the central securities
           depository.

Audit of records and accounts

  31. (1) A depository shall cause an audit to be conducted in respect of its records
and accounts at the end of each financial year.

        (2) The audit shall include a verification of the accuracy of the details shown in
the records and accounts.

      (3) The depository shall submit a copy of a duly certified audit report to the
Commission within ninety days after the end of the financial year.

        (4) The Commission may, by notice in writing, direct that an audit be conducted
of an aspect of or all of a central depository’s operations at the expense of the central
security depository.

                           Securities transactions and entries

Evidence of transactions in respect of deposited securities

   32. A transaction in respect of a deposited security by a depositor

       (a) whether accompanied by an instrument or not shall be by entry in the
           securities account of the depositor, and

       (b) shall include a deposit of an eligible security and a trade or transfer of a
           book-entry from a securities account to another securities account maintained
           by the depository.

Provision of record of depositors to issuers

    33. (1) An issuer of a book-entry security may by written notice require a depository
to furnish it with a record of the depositors in whose securities accounts, securities are
credited as at the date of the notice.



                                            96
                     Central Securities Depository Act, 2007                     Act 733




        (2) A record of depositors

       (a) required by an issuer shall be issued by the depository within the period
           specified in the notice and in any case before the expiry of a period speci-
           fied under the central securities depository rules;

       (b) issued in response to a request made by an issuer shall contain the name,
           identity card, passport number or company number and statement or the
           number of book-entry securities held in favour of each depositor;

       (c) obtained by an issuer shall be available for inspection by a member of an
           issuer without the payment of a fee but may be inspected by any other
           person on payment of a fee to the depository in respect of each inspection.

       (3) A member of an issuer or any other person may require the issuer to furnish
him with a copy of the record of depositors or a part of it on the payment of a fee,
commensurate to the quantum of information requested.

        (4) The copy of the record of depositors, or a part of it shall be supplied to the
person who required the copy within a period of twenty-one days or within a longer
period that the Commission considers reasonable after the date of receipt of the request
by the issuer.

Depositor to be treated as member or debenture holder

    34. (1) A depository shall be the registered owner of a security for the purpose of
effecting transfer of ownership of that security on behalf of a depository

         (2) A depository as a registered owner shall not have voting rights or any other
rights in respect of securities held by it.

        (3) A depositor of a book-entry security whose name appears in the record of
depositors is entitled to rights, benefits, powers and privileges and to liabilities, duties
and obligations in respect of the security as if the depositor were a member or debenture
holder registered in an appropriate register maintained by the issuer of the security, in
accordance with the Companies Code or any other law.

       (4) Despite the Companies Code, a depositor is not entitled to attend a general
meeting of a company, speak or vote at the meeting unless the depositor’s name
appears on the depository register forty-eight hours prior to the general meeting.

        (5) A depository or its nominee company shall not have an interest in deposited
securities registered in its name, or be a bare trustee.


                                            97
Act 733              Central Securities Depository Act, 2007




        (6) For the purpose of this section, “deposited security” does not include a
security specified in the securities account as being in suspension under this Act or
rules made by the Commission.

Register of Depositors

   35. (1) Persons named as depositors in a Register of Depositors shall, for the period
that the deposited securities are entered against their names in the Register be

       (a) members of the company in respect of the amount of deposited securities
           entered against their respective names in the Register of Depositors; or

       (b) holders of the amount of the issuer’s deposited securities other than shares
           entered against their names in the Register of Depositors.

       (2) This Act shall not affect

       (a) the obligation of a company to keep a register of its members, and allow
           inspection of the register under the Companies Code;

       (b) the obligation of a company to keep a register of holders of debentures
           issued by the company and allow inspection of the register, under the Com-
           panies Code;

       (c) the obligation of an issuer other than a company to keep a register of the
           holders of securities issued by the issuer;

       (d) the right of a depositor to withdraw documents showing title to securities,
           from the depository at any time in accordance with the central securities
           depository rules and to register them in the depositor’s name; or

       (e) the enjoyment of a right, power or privilege, or the imposition of a liability,
           duty or obligation under the Companies Code, or any other enactment,
           instrument, or Regulations of a company on a depositor, as a member of a
           company or as a holder of debentures or securities, except to the extent
           provided for in this Act or prescribed by regulations made under this Act.
Termination and set-off

   36. (1) The Central Securities Depository may terminate its agreement

       (a) to clear or settle securities transactions, or



                                            98
                      Central Securities Depository Act, 2007                       Act 733




       (b) to act as a depository for securities
with an insolvent participant or with a participant in respect of whom insolvency or
bankruptcy proceedings are commenced.

       (2) Where the central securities depository terminates its agreement, the
depository may

        (a) set-off obligations between the insolvent participant and the depository in
            accordance with the provisions of the agreement, and

        (b) if there is a net termination sum owed to the depository by the insolvent
            participant, the depository shall be considered as a creditor of the insolvent
            participant in respect of that net termination sum.

        (3) The depository may realise assets of the insolvent or bankrupt participant
because of a pledge in favour of the central securities depository or because of the
central securities depository rules or guarantees established by the depository in
accordance with the central securities depository rules.

Prohibition in dealings in book-entry securities

   37. A depository shall not purchase, acquire, or deal in book-entry securities as
principal other than for a purpose and in a manner that may be permitted by the
Commission.

Public offer of securities

   38. (1) Where a stock exchange or a depository prescribes any securities proposed
to be listed or quoted on a stock exchange to be immobilised or dematerialised, the
issuer of the security shall notify the public that the security is prescribed in the prospectus
or other offer document issued.

        (2) Upon completion of the allotment or allocation of the security the issuer or
offer or shall

        (a) confirm with the central securities depository the record of the successful
            applicants together with information required by the central securities de-
            pository in order to make appropriate entries in the securities accounts of
            the respective applicants, and

        (b) deliver to the central securities depository the certificates, if any, in denomi-


                                              99
Act 733               Central Securities Depository Act, 2007




            nations specified by the central depository registered in the name of the
            central securities depository or its nominee company.

        (3) For the purposes of this section
            “offeror in relation to a security” means the person offering the security
                 for sale.

           “a reference to a security proposed to be listed on a stock exchange” means
                a reference to a security which has been approved by the Commission
                to be listed on the stock exchange.

Corporate actions

   39. (1) Where an issuer, in relation to book-entry securities

        (a) makes a bonus issue of shares by way of an increase in its total issued
            capital, or issue securities because of a rights issue or the conversion of
            debt securities, or

        (b) issues securities because of an exercise of a right or option to acquire secu-
            rities in the share capital of the issuer
the issuer shall notify the central securities depository and deliver to the central securities
depository

           (i)   a confirmed list of the names of the allottees for the purposes of amend-
                 ment of the securities accounts held by the allottee, and

           (ii) the appropriate certificates, if any, in denominations that may be speci-
                fied by the central securities depository registered in the name of the
                central securities depository or its nominee company.

         (2) A prospective allottee shall, open a securities account with the central secu-
rities depository before acquiring any security.

Underwriters to open securities accounts

   40. A person who intends to underwrite securities proposed to be listed on a stock
exchange, or rights issue in respect of a book-entry security, shall open a securities
account with the central securities depository.




                                             100
                     Central Securities Depository Act, 2007                     Act 733




Charging of securities

   41. (1) Where a security deposited with a depository is charged by a depositor
referred to as “the charger” in favour of a person referred to as” the chargee” the
chargee or the nominee of the chargee shall create a security interest in the security
which is the subject of the charge.

          (2) A security interest in deposited securities to secure the payment of a debt or
liability maybe created in favour of a chargee upon the request of the chargee by an
instrument of charge in the form prescribed under the central securities depository
rules executed by the charger.

        (3) Subject to this Act or to rules made by the Commission, a security interest
shall not be created in deposited securities.

        (4) An instrument of charge that creates a security interest in a deposited
security in favour of another person shall be deposited with the central securities
depository where the securities charged are held, for registration.

        (5) The central securities depository agent shall on receipt of the instrument of
charge deposited register the instrument in a register of charges maintained by the
central security depository.

        (6) If a charge over a deposited security is being discharged or released, the
central securities depository or its agent, shall on receipt of a notice of the charge
confirm the discharge or release and transfer the deposited security into the securities
account of the charger.

        (7) This section shall not

           (a) apply to floating charges,

           (b) affect the validity and operation of floating charges in respect of deposited
               securities created under any law, and

           (c) be construed to require the central securities depository to monitor,
               protect or give effect to an agreement or memorandum made between
               the charger and the chargee in respect of a charge; but the central
               securities depository or its agent, may require the charger or chargee
               to provide a supporting document of the charger on the creation of the
               security interest by way of the charge.

Securities in or under suspense

   42. (1) A depository may specify a deposited securities account to be in suspense

       (a) where the transfer of the security in the name of the central securities


                                            101
Act 733               Central Securities Depository Act, 2007




            depository or its nominee company is not registrable by the issuer,

       (b) where an application for withdrawal of the security has been made by a
           depositor, or

       (c) in circumstances prescribed by the depository under the central securities
           depository rules.

       (2) A depository may specify that a book-entry security in a security account is
under suspense

       (a) where there is a need for the central securities depository to restrict the
           transfer, charge or mortgage of the security in the event of an objection or
           investigation made in accordance with the central securities depository rules,
           and

       (b) where the depository has been instructed to restrict the movement of book-
           entry transfers by the Commission or by a court of competent jurisdiction.

                      Security, secrecy and investigation provisions

Security measures

   43. Each depository and its depository agent shall take reasonable measures to
protect information and documents related to the affairs of depositors and in particular,
related to their securities accounts, against unauthorised access by persons.

Duty to maintain secrecy

   44. (1) Subject to this Act, a director, officer, employee or agent of a central securities
depository or any other person who has access to information or document related to
the affairs of a depositor and securities accounts of a depositor shall not disclose the
information or the contents of a document to another person.

        (2) A person who has information, which to that person’s knowledge was
disclosed in contravention of subsection (1) shall inform the depository of the disclosure.

        (3) A person who contravenes this section commits an offence and is liable on
summary conviction to a fine of five hundred penalty units or imprisonment for a term
of not less than three years, or to both.




                                            102
                     Central Securities Depository Act, 2007                  Act 733




Permitted disclosures

   45. A person shall not disclose information or a document in respect of deposited
securities to another person except

       (a) if the depositor, the depositor’s authorised agent or personal representa-
           tive, has given permission in writing for the disclosure,

       (b) in a case where the depositor is declared bankrupt, or, if the depositor is a
           company or body corporate, that depositor is being or has been wound up
           in Ghana or in any country outside Ghana;

       (c) for the purpose of instituting civil proceedings or in the course of any civil
           proceedings

          (i)   between a depository or its agent and a depositor relating to the secu-
                rities account of the depositor, or

          (ii) between a central securities depository or its agent and two or more
               parties making adverse claims to securities or monies in the securities
               account of the depositor, where the agent seeks relief by way of inter-
               pleader,

       (d) to a person authorised to investigate an offence in respect of a depositor
           suspected to have committed an offence in relation to a securities account
           in a depository;

       (e) to a central securities depository for the purpose of compiling the record of
           depositors under this Act;

       (f) to an issuer in respect of a record of depositors issued under this Act;

       (g) to any member of an issuer or any person in respect of a record of deposi-
           tors issued under this Act;

       (h) for the purpose of enabling or assisting the Commission to exercise a power
           conferred on it under this Act or any other law;

       (i) for the purpose of enabling or assisting the commission and the Registrar
           to discharge their functions under this Act;

       (j) to enable or assist a stock exchange or clearing house of a stock exchange
           to discharge its duty, and



                                          103
Act 733              Central Securities Depository Act, 2007




       (k) to enable or assist auditors of a central securities depository and its agent to
           discharge their duty.

Regulation of access to computer system

  46. (1) A central securities depository may give access to its computer system to

       (a) its agents,

       (b) a stock exchange on which book-entry securities are listed,

       (c) a clearing house of a stock exchange,

       (d) issuers, and

       (e) any other person as may be prescribed by the Commission by Regulations
           made under this Act.

        (2) The Commission may, prescribe rules, to provide for the extent to which a
user or class of users can or cannot have access to the system for the purpose of
regulating access to the computer system of a central securities depository.

       (3) A person who

       (a) being a user, unlawfully gains access or attempts to gain access to a com-
           puter system of a central securities depository

       (b) unlawfully gains access, or attempts to gain access to a computer system of
           a central depository, or

       (c) unlawfully interferes with, impedes or attempts to interfere with or impede,
           the operation of a computer system of a central securities depository com-
           mits an offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine of seven
           hundred penalty units or to a term of imprisonment not exceeding five
           years or to both.

Power of the Commission to require production of records

  47. (1) The Commission may give directions in writing to

       (a) a central securities depository,

       (b) a nominee of a central securities depository



                                           104
                     Central Securities Depository Act, 2007                  Act 733



       (c) a central securities depository agent,

       (d) a user,

       (e) a person who is or has been an officer or employee of a central securities
           depository, or

       (f) an agent, advocate, solicitor, auditor, or other person acting in any capacity
           for or on behalf of a central depository or its nominee company, or a central
           securities depository agent, or a user to produce to the Commission records
           or accounts related to the business or affairs of a depository agent, or user
           or records or accounts required to be kept by a central securities depository
           under this Act.

        (2) A reference in subsection (1) to a business carried on by a person includes
a reference to a business carried on by a person as trustee.

       (3) Where the Commission requires the production of a record or account and
a person has a lien on the record or account, the Commission

       (a) may take possession of the records or accounts and make copies or extracts
           from it,

       (b) may require the other person or any other person who is a party to the
           compilation of the records or accounts to make a statement providing an
           explanation of the records or accounts,

       (c) may retain possession of the records or accounts for a period that the Com-
           mission may consider necessary; and

       (d) shall permit the other person, upon giving reasonable notice and descrip-
           tion of the record or accounts, to have access to the records or accounts
           which are in the possession of the Commission.

        (4) Where the Commission requires the production of a record or account and
the records or accounts are not produced, the Commission may require a person

       (a) to state where the records or accounts may be found, and

       (b) to identify the last person who had custody of the records or accounts and
           where that person may be found.




                                          105
Act 733               Central Securities Depository Act, 2007




        (5) A power conferred by this section to require a person to do an act applies to
an officer of a body corporate.

        (6) A person who fails to comply with a requirement made under this section
commits an offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine of five hundred
penalty units, and in the case of a continuing offence is liable to a penalty often penalty
units for each day that the offence continues.

Power of Commission to enter and search premises

   48. (1) The Commission shall enter and search premises

       (a) where there is reasonable grounds to believe that an offence under this Act
           has been or is likely to be committed, or

       (b) where a record or account which is required to be produced in compliance
           with a request by the Commission, is being kept; and

           (i)   if the premises is occupied by a depository or a user, inspect, examine
                 and operate the computer system,

           (ii) if the premises is occupied by any other person, break open and search
                any cupboard, drawer, safe, box or other receptacle, and where a com-
                puter system is installed, inspect, examine and operate the system, and

           (iii) take possession of records, documents or other material found on the
                 premises.

       (2) A person who

       (a) obstructs or hinders the Commission in the exercise of its powers,

       (b) fails to give to the Commission assistance that it may reasonably require
           commits an offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine of five
           hundred penalty units or to term of imprisonment not exceeding three years
           or to both.

Disclosure to Commission

  49. (1) The Commission may require a depository or its agent to disclose to the
Commission

       (a) the acquisition or disposal of deposited securities and the nature of the



                                           106
                      Central Securities Depository Act, 2007                  Act 733



           instructions given to the central securities depository or its central agent in
           respect of the acquisition or disposal,

       (b) information regarding the disposal of the securities account numbers and
           entries made in the securities account, and

       (c) the book-entry securities acquired or disposed of by a depositor as trustee
           for or on behalf of another person, including the name of the person and
           the nature of instructions given to the depositor in respect of the acquisition
           and disposal.

       (2) A person who, contravenes subsection (1) commits an offence and is liable
on summary conviction to a fine of five hundred penalty units or to a term of imprisonment
not exceeding three years or to both.

Investigation by Commission

  50. The Commission may conduct an investigation if it suspects that a person has
committed or is about to commit an offence under this Act.

Power of court to make orders

    51. (1) If on the application of an aggrieved party or a central securities depository
it appears to the Court that a person

       (a) has committed an offence under this Act in relation to dealings in deposited
           securities;

       (b) has contravened the central security depository rules; or

       (c) is about to do an act in relation to dealings in deposited securities that
           constitutes an offence under this Act or would be a contravention of the
           central securities depository rules the court may make an order;

           (i)   to restrain a person from acting or holding himself out as a depository
                 agent,

           (ii) to restrain a person from withdrawing or dealing with book- entry secu-
                rities specified in the order,

           (iii) compel a person to do or refrain from doing an act, and

           (iv) that it considers necessary.



                                           107
Act 733              Central Securities Depository Act, 2007




       (2) Before making an order, the Court may direct that notice of the application
should be

       (a) served on the relevant parties, and

       (b) published in a manner that is considered appropriate.

        (3) A person, who fails to comply with an order made by the Court commits an
offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine of five hundred penalty units or to
a term of imprisonment of not less than three years or to both.

        (4) The Court may in addition to the penalty provided for charge a person for
contempt of court, rescind, vary or discharge an order made by it or suspend the
operation of the order.

                                Miscellaneous provisions

Preservation of records and accounts

   52. A central securities depository and its agents shall preserve records and accounts
relating to the depository for a period of six years after closure of a securities account,
whether or not they cease to carry on business before the end of the seventh year.

Guarantee Fund

   53. (1) A central securities depository shall establish and maintain a Guarantee
Fund for the purpose of providing an indemnity against default in respect of payments
for or delivery of securities by a depository participant and of obligations of participants
towards the central securities depository.

       (2) The assets of the Guarantee Fund consists of moneys accruing to the Fund
and contributions specified in the central securities depository rules.

        (3) Where the central securities depository has made payment from the
Guarantee Fund in relation to a default, even if the central securities depository is not
a counter party to the transaction between selling and buying participants, it shall be
subrogated to the rights and powers of the participant not in default for the purpose of
the seizure and sale of unpaid securities and of operating the Guarantee Fund.

Falsification of records or accounts

   54. (1) A person who

       (a) records or stores, information that is false or misleading;

       (b) falsifies, destroys or removes


                                            108
                      Central Securities Depository Act, 2007                  Act 733



           (i)   information which is recorded or stored by that person,

           (ii) information which is prepared for the purpose of being recorded or
                stored,

           (iii) information which is prepared for use in compiling records, and

           (iv) information which is prepared for use in recovering other information,
                in relation to a record or an account required to be kept by a depository
                or its agent under this Act by means of a mechanical device, an electronic
                device, or any other device, commits an offence and is liable on summary
                conviction to a fine of not more than five hundred penalty units or to
                imprisonment for a term of not more than three years or to both.

        (2) A person who is responsible for recording or storing information but fails to
do so

           (i)   with intent to falsify any entry made, or record intended to be compiled
                 from the information that has been recorded or stored, and

           (ii) knowing that the failure to record or store the information will render
                the information recorded or stored, false or misleading commits an of-
                fence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine of not more than
                five hundred penalty units, or to imprisonment for a term of not less
                than three years, or both.

Destruction, concealment, or alteration of records

   55. A person who

        (a) destroys, conceals, or alters a record or account required to be kept under
            this Act; or

        (b) sends, attempts to send or conspires with another person to send out of
            Ghana any record or account,
with intent to defraud a person, or to prevent, delay or obstruct the carrying out of an
examination, investigation or audit, or the exercise of a power under this Act, commits
an offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine of one thousand penalty units
or to a term of imprisonment not exceeding four years or to both.

Furnishing false or misleading information

   56. A person who furnishes information which is false or misleading


                                           109
Act 733              Central Securities Depository Act, 2007




       (a) for the purpose of, or in connection with, any application under this Act;
           or

       (b) in compliance with any requirement imposed on that person under this Act,
commits an offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine of five hundred
penalty units or to a term of imprisonment of not more than three years.

Offences by bodies corporate

   57. Where an offence under this Act is committed by a body corporate, a director, or
other officer of the body corporate or a person acting in that capacity is liable to have
committed that offence unless the person proves that

       (a) the offence was committed without the person’s consent or connivance;
           and

       (b) the person exercised diligence to prevent the commission of the offence
           having regard to the nature of the person’s functions in that capacity and to
           other circumstances.

General penalty

   58. A person who contravenes a provision of this Act for which a penalty is not
provided commits an offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine of five
hundred penalty units or to a term of imprisonment of not more than three years or to
both.

Regulations

   59. (1) The Minister may, on the advice of the Commission, by legislative instru-
ment make Regulations for matters necessary for the effective implementation of this
Act.

        (2) Despite the Statutory Instruments Act, 1959 (No. 52) Regulations made
under this Act may impose a penalty of not more than two thousand five hundred
penalty units.

Interpretation

   60. (1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires,

       “access” in relation to a computer system, means the placing of information
           on that system and the retrieval of information from that system;



                                          110
              Central Securities Depository Act, 2007                 Act 733



“admittance of securities date” in relation to any eligible security means the
   date specified in the notice given by a stock exchange as being the last day
   on which the eligible security may be traded on a stock market of the stock
   exchange unless such security has been deposited with the central deposi-
   tory;

“admittance of security” means a security in which the underlying certificate
   has been deposited with and is held by a central depository;

“agent” means a Central Securities Depository agent;

“bank” mean a body corporate which is issued with a licence in accordance with
   the Banking Act 2004 (Act 673);

“bare trustee” means a trustee who has no beneficial interest in the subject
    matter of the trust;

“bearer security” means a security the title to which is transferable by delivery
   with or without endorsement of the certificates representing such securi-
   ties;

“buying in” means the buying effected by a security exchange, according to the
   rules of the stock exchange of securities which a seller has failed to deliver
   on a day fixed for settlement;

“charge” includes a pledge or a mortgage;

“certificate” means a document that is a document of title to a security;

“central depository agent” in relation to any central depository, means a person
    appointed to be an agent of that central depository;

“central securities depository” or “depository” means a company approved by
    the Commission to establish and operate a system for the central handling
    of securities—

   (i)   whereby the securities are immobilised or dematerialised and dealings
         in respect of those securities are effected by means of entries in secu-
         rities accounts without the physical necessity of certificates; or

   (ii) which permits or facilitates the settlement or registration of securities
        transactions of dealings in securities without the physical necessity of
        certificates; and



                                   111
Act 733             Central Securities Depository Act, 2007




          (iii) which provides other facilities and services incidental with the proceed-
                ing provisions;

     “Commission” means the Securities and Exchange Commission established by
        the Securities Industry Law 1993 (P.N.D.C.L. 333) as amended;
     “Companies Code” means the Companies Code, 1963 (Act 179) as amended;

     “computer system” in relation to a central depository, means a computer sys-
        tem established by a central securities depository which forms part of the
        system for the central handling of securities and which consists of

          (i)   the central equipment comprising hardware and software associated
                with that hardware, located at the premises of the central depository,
                and

          (ii) the terminals located at the premises of the users.

     “central securities depository rules” includes the rules of a central securities
         depository and any other directions given from time to time by a central
         securities depository to any person;

     “dealer” means a dealer as defined in the Securities Industry Law 1993 (P.N.D.C.L
        .333) as amended;

     “dealing in securities” means dealing in securities as defined in the Securities
        Industry Law 1993 (P.N.D.C.L. 333) as amended;

     “debt securities” means debentures, bonds, notes, or other similar instruments
        representing or evidencing indebtedness whether secured or otherwise;

     “debenture” and “debenture holder” means debenture and debenture holder as
        defined under the First Schedule to the Companies Code;

     “dematerialisation” means the elimination of physical certificates or documents
        of title that represent ownership of securities so that securities exist only as
        accounting records;

     “dematerialisation date” in relation to a dematerialised security, means the date
        prescribed by a central securities depository as being the last day on which
        a certificate representing such security shall not be recognised as first hand
        evidence of ownership under the Companies Code;



                                         112
              Central Securities Depository Act, 2007                      Act 733



“dematerialised security” means a security which has been prescribed by the
   central securities depository whereby the underlying physical certificate is
   no longer recognised as prima facie evidence of ownership under the Com-
   panies Code;

“deposited security” includes a security standing to the credit of a security account
   which is transferable by way of book-entry in the record of depositors and a
   security in a securities account that is in suspense;

“depositor” in relation to any book-entry, means a holder of a securities account;

“depository” means a central securities depository;

“eligible security” means a security which has been prescribed by the Bank of
     Ghana or a stock exchange to be admitted in with a central securities
     depository;

“information” includes data recorded in a form which can be processed by
    equipment operating automatically in response to instructions given for a
    particular purpose;

“institutional investor” means a person whose ordinary course of business is to
    hold, manage or invest funds in connection with retirement benefits, insurance
    contracts, mortgage and savings schemes and any funds or scheme in the
    nature of a collective investment scheme; “issuer” in relation to a security,
    includes the company, corporation, government or body corporate or
    unincorporated or other person, which issued that security, and any person
    performing the functions of a registrar for the issuer in respect of the security;

“listed” means admitted to the official list of a stock exchange in Ghana and
     listing shall be construed accordingly;

“listed security” means a book-entry security listed on a stock exchange in Ghana;

“market day” means any day during which a stock exchange is open for business;

“member” in relation to

   (i)   a stock exchange, means a person who is recognised as a member of a
         stock exchange; and

   (ii) a company, means a person who is recognised as a member of a company
        under the Companies Code;


                                    113
Act 733             Central Securities Depository Act, 2007




     “Minister” means the Minister responsible for Finance;

     “non-bearer security” means a security other than a bearer security;

     “notification date” means the date on which is given by a stock exchange;

      “official list” in relation to a stock exchange in Ghana, means a list or lists
         specifying all securities which have been admitted for listing on that stock
         exchange;

     “prescribe” means prescribed by regulations under this Act;

     “record” in addition to a record in writing, includes

          (i)   a photograph;

          (ii) a disc, tape, sound-track, or other device in which sounds or other data
               (not being visual images) are embodied so as to be capable (with or
               without the aid of some other instrument) of being reproduced from
               the disc, tape, sound track or other device; and

          (iii) a film, tape or other device on which visual images are embodied so as
                to be capable (with or without the aid of some other instrument) of
                being reproduced therefrom, and any reference to a copy of a record
                includes a film, tape or other device;

          (iv) in the case of a record falling within paragraph (ii) but not paragraph
               (iii) of this definition, a transcript of the sounds or other data embodied
               therein;

          (v) in the case of a record falling within paragraph (iii) but not paragraph
              (iv) of this definition, a still reproduction of the images embodied therein,
              whether enlarged or not; and

          (vi) in the case of a record falling within both paragraphs (ii) and (iii) of this
               definition, the transcript of the sounds or other data embodied therein
               together with the still reproduction of the images embodied therein;

     “Register of depositors” means a record maintained by a central securities de-
        pository to an issuer which contains specified particulars;

     “Registrar” means a person appointed by an issuer to perform the functions of
        a registrar of its securities;



                                           114
                    Central Securities Depository Act, 2007                    Act 733



      “securities” includes—

         (i)   debentures, shares, bonds or notes issued or proposed to be issued by
               a body corporate and any right, warrant or option in respect of them,

         (ii) bonds, treasury bills or other loan instrument of the Government of
              Ghana or of any other country,

         (iii) rights of interest, whether described as units or otherwise under a
               collective investment scheme,

         (iv) other rights, interests or instruments that the Minister may, by notice in
              the Gazette, prescribe.

      “securities account” means an account established by a central securities
          depository for a depositor for the recording of deposited securities and cash
          balances, in respect of dealings in the securities by the depositor;

      “selling out” means the selling of securities effected by a stock exchange according
           to the rules of the stock exchange, in which a buyer has failed to accept and
           to pay for when delivered on a day fixed for the settlement;

      “settlement partner” means a commercial bank designated by a depository
          participant to settle its transactions with the central securities depository;

      “stock market” means a market exchange or other place at which, or a facility
          by means of which securities are regularly offered for sale, purchase or
          exchanged; and

      “user” means a central securities depository agent, an issuer, a stock exchange
          or another person that may be prescribed by the Commission who may be
          given access to a computer system of a central depository.

References

  61. A reference in this Act to

      (a) writing includes any mode of presenting or reproducing letters, figures or
          marks in a visible form, and

      (b) a security being deposited or required to be deposited with a central secu-
          rities depository shall be construed as a reference to a deposit of




                                          115
Act 733             Central Securities Depository Act, 2007




          (i) the certificate,

          (ii) the instrument of transfer, if any, or

          (iii) any other document representing the security, to the central securities
                depository

Consequential Amendments

   62. (1) The Securities Industry Law, 1993 (P.N.D.C.L. 333) as amended by the
Securities Industry (Amendment) Act 2000 (Act 590) is hereby further amended

      (a) by the insertion of a new section 9(c) as follows:

          “to register, licence, authorise or regulate, in accordance with this Act or any
               regulations made under it, stock exchanges, investment advisers, unit
               trust schemes, mutual funds, securities dealers, central securities de-
               positories, and their agents, and to control and supervise their activities
               with a view to maintaining proper standards of conduct and acceptable
               practices in the securities business;”

      (b) by the deletion of the following from the definition of “dealer” under section
          142 of the Securities Industry Law, 1993 (P.N.D.C.L. 333) as amended by
          section 12(c) of the Securities Industry (Amendment) Act, 2000 (Act 590).

          a person who performs the functions of central securities depository and /
              or provides securities clearing and settlement facilities”.

       (2) Section 52 of the Companies Code is hereby repealed.

       (3) Section 82 of the Companies Code is hereby repealed.

        (4) The First Schedule to the Companies Code, is hereby amended by the
substitution of the following for the definition of the “Register”

      “Register” includes a Register maintained in electronic form and saved on any
         device including a disc, tape, or other device in which sounds or other data
         are embodied so as to be capable (with or without the aid of some other
         instrument) of being reproduced from the disc, tape or other device.”




                    Date of Gazette notification: 24th May, 2007.


                                          116
Credit Reporting Act, 2007
        (Act 726)
                              Credit Reporting Act, 2007                      Act 726




                              ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section
                             Supervisory and regulatory role

 1. Supervisory and regulatory role of the Bank of Ghana

                  Licensing and regulation of credit bureau operations

 2.   Credit bureau licence
 3.   Application for licence
 4.   Application and licensing fees
 5.   Process for application
 6.   Licensing requirements
 7.   Conditions for grant of licence
 8.   Organisational and technical requirements for credit bureaus
 9.   Time limit for decision on application for credit bureau licence
10.   Grant of credit bureau licence
11.   Revocation and suspension of credit bureau licence
12.   Permissible credit bureau activities
13.   Review of licensing requirements
14.   Pre-license inspections and security checks
15.   Register of licences
16.   Non-transferability of licence
17.   Renewal of licence

                                Operation of credit bureau

18.   Capital requirements for carrying on a credit bureau business
19.   Display of credit bureau licence
20.   Places of business
21.   Additional duties of a credit bureau
22.   Duties of a data provider
23.   Duties of a credit report recipient

                                Data protection provisions

24.   Submission of information to credit bureau
25.   Financial institution to provide information without consent
26.   Financial institution to provide information with consent of borrower
27.   Offence of disclosure of confidential information
28.   Other sources of information for credit bureau
29.   Access to information
30.   Retention period of credit information database



                                            117
Act 726                      Credit Reporting Act, 2007




31.   Management of database security
32.   Dissemination and usage of credit information by credit bureau
33.   Payment for the provision of credit information and credit report services
34.   Credit bureau to observe privacy and secrecy principle
35.   Duties of a data provider in relation to consent obtained
36.   Right to confidential treatment
37.   Right to access and challenge of credit records and information
38.   Right of modification and cancellation of information
39.   Unfounded claim
40.   Refusal of inspection
41.   Legal action

                           Complaints, redress and penalties

42.   Inquiry Service Unit
43.   Dispute resolution
44.   General offences, breaches and penalties
45.   Operation of credit bureau without licence

                       Investigation, inspection and Court orders

46.   Investigation of certain matters by Bank of Ghana
47.   Inspection by Bank of Ghana
48.   Production of books
49.   Procedure on receipt of books
50.   Information from books to be published with prior consent
51.   Order by Magistrate to enter and search premises
52.   Power of Court to make certain orders

                                 Miscellaneous matters

53.   Liquidation of credit bureau
54.   Database in event of liquidation, suspension or revocation of a licence
55.   Compliance report
56.   Technical audit
57.   Accounts and audit
58.   Bank of Ghana to submit annual report
59.   Sale or amalogamation of business
60.   Regulations
61.   Interpretation
62.   Applicability of other legislation



                                           118
                              Credit Reporting Act, 2007                        Act 726




                      THE SEVEN HUNDRED AND TWENTY-SIXTH

                                        ACT
                        OF THE PARLIAMENT OF THE REPUBLIC
                                    OF GHANA
                                    ENTIT LED
                          CREDIT REPORTINC ACT, 2007

AN ACT to provide a framework for credit bureaus, to establish the conditions for credit
reporting and to provide for related matters.

                              DATE OF ASSENT: 5th April, 2007

ENACTED by the President and Parliament:

                             Supervisory and regulatory role

Supervisory and regulatory role of the Bank of Ghana

      1. (1) The Bank of Ghana shall have overall supervisory and regulatory authority
to:
        (a) register, license and regulate credit bureaus, data providers and credit infor-
            mation recipients and their agents;

        (b) control and supervise activities of the credit bureaus, data providers, credit
            information recipients and their agents;

        (c) maintain proper standards of conduct and acceptable credit reporting prac-
            tices under the scheme;

        (d) make regulations and rules for institutions under this Act;

        (e) take measures to protect the interests of credit information subjects;

        (f) protect the integrity of the credit reporting system against abuses;

        (g) impose penalties for contravention of this Act;

        (h) undertake other activities necessary or expedient to give full effect to the
            provisions of this Act; and




                                           119
Act 726                     Credit Reporting Act, 2007




       (i) perform other functions specified under this Act.

        (2) The Bank shall advise the Minister for Finance on matters relating to credit
reporting.

       (3) The Bank shall establish within its organisation, a Credit Reporting Depart-
ment or office.

       (4) The Bank may authorise the Head of the Credit Reporting Department of
the Bank or any other official or person to exercise a power and do an act that it
considers appropriate in order to discharge its duties under this Act.

       (5) The Bank of Ghana may establish a Public Credit Bureau.

                 Licensing and regulation of credit bureau operations

Credit bureau licence

    2. (1) A person shall not establish, operate or conduct business as a credit bureau
unless that person has obtained a licence for that purpose from the Bank.

       (2) A person shall not propose to engage in credit bureau activities unless that
person has obtained a licence for that purpose from the Bank.

       (3) A person who establishes, operates or conducts the business of a credit
bureau without a licence commits an offence and is liable on summary conviction,

       (a)    in the case of a body corporate or other body of persons to a fine of not
              less than five thousand penalty units, and

       (b)    in the case of an individual to a fine of not less than five thousand penalty
              units or to a term of imprisonment of not less than ten years or to both.

Application for licence

    3. (1) An application for licence to operate or engage in the activities of a credit
bureau shall be

       (a)    made in writing to the Bank, and

       (b)    in the prescribed form.




                                           120
                             Credit Reporting Act, 2007                          Act 726




       (2) The application shall be accompanied with the appropriate administrative
and processing fee.

Application and licensing fees

    4. The Bank may prescribe

          (a) an application fee to be paid for applications, and

          (b) an initial licence fee to be paid on registration.

Process for application

    5. (1) The Bank shall

          (a) acknowledge receipt of an application for a credit bureau licence,

          (b) within three months after the receipt of the application, inform the appli-
              cant in writing of the decision of the Bank, and

          (c) within three months after receipt of the application, and on satisfying
              itself that the applicant has

              (i) paid the stipulated fees, and

              (ii) satisfied all other conditions grant a licence to the applicant.

       (2) Where

          (a) an applicant fails to pay the stipulated fees,

          (b) there is an error in the application, or

          (c) an applicant fails to satisfy any pre-condition for the grant of the licence,
              the Bank shall, within three months after receiving the application, notify
              the applicant in writing to rectify the situation within thirty days after the
              receipt of the nofication.

       (3) Where the applicant fails to rectify the situation, the Bank shall not process
the application.




                                           121
Act 726                      Credit Reporting Act, 2007




        (4) Where an application for a licence is refused, the Bank shall state the rea-
sons for the refusal in the notice of refusal to the applicant.

Licensing requirements

    6. (1) The Bank shall not grant a licence to a person to carry on the business of a
credit bureau unless the person

          (a) is incorporated as a company under the Companies Code 1963 (Act 179)
              solely to carry out credit bureau activities,

          (b) has human, financial and operational resources to enable it function effi-
              ciently and perform its functions effectively in accordance with this Act,

          (c) presents a business plan that is satisfactory to the Bank,

          (d) presents plans to adopt mechanisms to gather input, integrate, update,
              validate and provide security for data to the Bank,

          (e) presents a credible plan to develop and adopt procedures to ensure that

              (i) questions, concerns and complaints of credit information subjects, or

              (ii) data providers are treated equitably and consistently in a timely and
                   efficient manner

         (2) The Bank shall not grant a licence to canyon the business of a credit bureau
if a person who has ten percent or more of the voting rights of the applicant is

          (a) a financial institution as defined in this Act,

          (b) a debt collection agency, or

          (c) a person who conducts disqualified business.

         (3) The Bank of Ghana may by regulation declare a business activity disquali-
fied if the business activity is inconsistent with the function of operating an indepen-
dent credit bureau.

Conditions for grant of licence

    7. (1) A licence granted by the Bank is subject to conditions specified in the licence.



                                            122
                               Credit Reporting Act, 2007                      Act 726



        (2) Without limiting the effect of sub-section (1), an applicant for a credit bu-
reau licence shall provide the following documents and information:

          (a) a copy of the applicant’s certificate of incorporation, regulations and cer-
              tificate to commence business;

          (b) documents that support the value of the applicant’s capital base;

          (c) a feasibility study by the applicant company that shows the business
              plan, organisational structure and internal monitoring procedures of the
              company and information on;

              (i)      mission statement and goals,

              (ii)     market analysis,

              (iii)    ownership structure,

              (iv)     governance structure,

              (v)      management structure,

              (vi)     a description of projected investments,

              (vii)    financial statements on a pro-forma basis for a minimum of three
                       years,

              (viii)   analysis on profitability, and

              (ix)     a business continuity plan;

          (d) details of the applicant’s shareholders, directors and other officers;

          (e) a description of the applicant’s premises and suitability for credit bureau
              activities;

          (f) the particulars of the proposed key management personnel concerned
              with the management of the credit bureau business including qualifica-
              tions;

          (g) information necessary for assessing the trust worthiness of the applicant;
               and



                                             123
Act 726                    Credit Reporting Act, 2007




      (h) the overview of operations including a description of systems, design of the
          data collection and dissemination and management processes including

           (i)   the development schedule of the software required for operation,

           (ii) characteristics of products and services to be provided to users,

           (iii) policy on service provision,

           (iv) proposed security and control measures to prevent improper access
                to information,

           (v) proposed security and control measures to prevent improper access
               to management of information,

           (vi) operational manuals designed to ensure accuracy of information con-
                tained in the database and its update, and

           (vii) the proposed fee and cost structure of products.

Organisational and technical requirements for credit bureaux

   8. (1) A licensed credit bureau shall ensure that

      (a) its premises are safe;

      (b) its premises can operate its data systems, credit information database and
          other documents;

      (c) it employs the use of certified hardware and software when setting up and
          using the information systems that house the credit information database;

      (d) certified means of protection are used for the systems;

      (e) information supplied to the credit bureau by financial institutions is main-
          tained and stored on a private domain name in accordance with the provi-
          sions of this Act;

      (f) it prepares and maintains operational manuals that ensure accuracy of in-
          formation contained in its database including manuals for,




                                         124
                   Credit Reporting Act, 2007                       Act 726




   (i)     queries,

   (ii)    loading of data,

   (iii)   source quality control,

   (iv)    maintenance,

   (v)     security and

   (vi)    procedure for handling complaints,

(g) its database is updated regularly;

(h) provisions are included in agreements between credit bureau and report-
    ing financial institutions and between credit bureau and credit report re-
    cipients which set out the obligation on parties to jointly implement
    organisational and technical measures for the protection of software ap-
    plied in the design of a credit information database and the means of
    their protection;

(i) it implements strict quality control procedures;

(j) it adopts measures and systems that records requests or queries for the
    credit report of a person;

(k) it adopts measures and systems to detect the misuse of data held in its
    database;

(l) it recruits and maintains personnel sufficiently trained in customer rela-
    tions and credit reporting and can handle queries of recipients of infor-
    mation and records made available under section 37;

(m) it utilises information collected solely for the intended purpose;

(n) it provides information that reflects the existing situation of the credit
    information subject;

(o) it provides access to the Bank to information managed by the credit
    bureau through access to its systems or in the manner stipulated by the
    Bank, for the conduct of investigations;



                                125
Act 726                     Credit Reporting Act, 2007




          (p) it ensures compliance with this Act and regulations made under the Act;
              and

          (q) it observes a duty of confidentiality as regards information divulged to
              them by financial institutions.

       (2) The duties of a credit bureau as regards

          (a) data management, and

          (b) data processing may be outsourced to another person but the credit bu-
              reau

             (i) shall notify the Bank in ting of the outsourcing arrangement, and

             (ii) remain liable for the discharge of its duties and the observance of the
                  rights of a credit report recipient under this Act and other law.

Time limit for decision on application for credit bureau licence

     9. The Bank shall communicate its decision on an application for a credit bureau
licence within three months from the date of receipt of the application.

Grant of credit bureau licence

  10. (1) Where an applicant
          (a) pays the stipulated fees, and

         (b) satisfies the pre-conditions for the grant of a licence,
the Bank shall grant the licence within three months after receiving the application.

        (2) A licence granted by the Bank is subject to the conditions specified in the
licence.

        (3) The Bank may by written notice to a credit bureau vary a condition restric-
tion in relation to a licence.

Revocation and suspension of credit bureau licence

  11. (1) The Bank shall revoke a licence if the Bank is satisfied that the credit bureau




                                          126
                             Credit Reporting Act, 2007                         Act 726




          (a) has repeatedly failed to comply with the terms and conditions of the
              licence,

          (b) has contravened the provisions of this Act,

          (c) has contravened the Rules made under this Act,

          (d) has ceased to satisfy the requirements for licensing and the renewal of a
              licence, and

          (e) has ceased to satisfy the requirements on minimum capital for the estab-
              lishment of a credit bureau.

        (2) The Bank may revoke or suspend a credit bureau licence for a specified
period if the licensee

          (a) has breached duties imposed under this Act,

          (b) has breached a code of conduct for credit bureaus issued by or with the
              permission of the Bank,

          (c) has breached the provisions of a law which deals with

              (i)     data protection,

              (ii)    computer misuse, or

              (iii)   electronic transactions, and

          (d) has failed to commence business within six months immediately after the
              date of issue of the licence.

        (3) Where the Bank suspends or revokes the licence of a credit bureau, the
Bank shall give notice in writing of the decision to the credit bureau and shall specify in
the notice, the defect, omission or breach which has occasioned the suspension and
request the credit bureau to remedy the defect, omission or breach within fifteen work-
ing days after the date of the notice.

        (4) Where the Bank suspends or revokes the licence of a credit bureau, the
Bank shall give notice of the decision to the credit bureau affected by the decision
within three working days after the decision to suspend or revoke the licence.




                                           127
Act 726                      Credit Reporting Act, 2007




        (5) If the defect, omission or breach is remedied within the time specified, the
Bank shall by notice in writing to that person restore the licence, otherwise the licence
shall be considered to have been revoked on the expiration of the time specified.

        (6) The suspension or revocation of a licence is effective from the day that the
credit bureau is informed of the decision of the Bank.

       (7) Where the Bank suspends or revokes a credit bureau licence

       (a) the Bank shall notify the general public within seven days after the suspen-
           sion or revocation of the licence in the Gazette and a newspaper of wide
           national circulation; and

       (b) the credit bureau affected by the decision of the Bank to suspend or revoke
           the licence shall within seven days after receipt of notice of the decision,
           issue a written notice to each subscriber of its services informing them

          (i)    of the action of the Bank, and

          (ii)   request the subscribers to discontinue further reporting to the credit
                 bureau.

       (8) A person who is dissatisfied with the decision of the Bank to revoke or .
suspend a credit bureau licence may apply to the High Court for a review decision.

Permissible credit bureau activities

  12. (1) A credit bureau may engage in the following activities:

       (a) gather and maintain data for the formation of credit histories;

       (b) process credit related data; and

       (c) deliver credit reports based partly or fully on information not in the public
           domain.

        (2) A credit bureau shall give prior notice to the Bank of Ghana before perform-
ing the following functions:

          (a) assessment of the credit worthiness of credit history subjects using a
              methodology developed or acquired by the credit bureau;




                                          128
                             Credit Reporting Act, 2007                        Act 726




          (b) provide consultancy services in informational support;

          (c) sell literature and other informational material related to credit bureau
              activities; and

          (d) carry out market research and statistical research.

        (3) A credit bureau shall not engage in the activities other than those activities
specified in this section.

         (4) A person who operates a credit bureau which engages in business activities
not specified under this section commits an offence and is liable on summary convic-
tion to a fine of not more than five thousand penalty units or to a term of imprisonment
of not more than ten years or to both.

Review of licensing requirements

  13. The Bank may vary the licensing requirements by notice after consultation with
existing credit bureau.

Pre-license inspections and security checks

  14. (1) The Bank shall carry out on-site inspection of the applicant’s premises to
determine the adequacy of the applicant’s security system including

          (a) suitability of the premises for credit bureau operations,

          (b) separation of credit bureau operations from other business conducted by
              the applicant, and

          (c) adequacy of the applicant’s management information system, adminis-
              trative and operational processes, internal control systems and informa-
              tion security systems.

        (2) The Bank shall carry out security checks with the Police Service and other
relevant security agencies to ascertain that a person who is proposed as an executive
director or other employee of the applicant does not have previous criminal record
relating to
          (a) computer fraud,
          (b) misuse of information, and



                                           129
Act 726                     Credit Reporting Act, 2007




          (c) other offences relating to security of information held by another person.

Register of licences

  15. The Bank shall keep and maintain a register of licences which shall contain
details of licences granted.

  Non-transferability of licence

  16. (1) A person shall not transfer a licence granted by the Bank of Ghana to another
person.

        (2) A person who transfers a licence granted by the Bank of Ghana commits an
offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine of not less than four thousand
penalty unit or a term of imprisonment of not less than five years or both.

Renewal of licence

  17. A licence to operate a credit bureau is renewable annually.

                              Operation of credit bureau

 Capital requirements for carrying on a credit bureau business

  18. (1) A credit bureau is required to have a minimum paid-up capital of five billion
cedis.

       (2) The minimum paid up capital shall be invested in assets to be determined
by the Bank from time to time.

       (3) The Bank may review the minimum paid-up capital at periodic intervals
where necessary.

Display of credit bureau licence

  19. (1) A credit bureau operator shall display the credit bureau licence in a conspicu-
ous place on its premises for the information of the public.

        (2) A credit bureau which fails to display to the Bank the credit bureau licence
shall pay a pecuniary penalty of one thousand penalty units to the Bank.




                                          130
                             Credit Reporting Act, 2007                        Act 726




Places of business

  20. (1) A credit bureau shall notify the Bank of the location of its principal place of
business at the time of application for a credit bureau licence.

        (2) A credit bureau may open branch and agency offices for the conduct of its
authorised business with the prior approval of the Bank.

       (3) A credit bureau shall obtain the approval of the Bank prior to the

              (a)    relocation of its principal place of business,

              (b)    relocation of branch offices,

              (c)    agencies, and

              (d)    closing its principal place of business, branch, office, or agency.

Duties of a credit bureau

  21. (1) A licensed credit bureau shall:

          (a) quote its licence number in an advertisement or information document in
              which it offers its services;

          (b) accept the filing of credit information from a data provider on payment of
              the bureau’s filing fee, if any;

          (c) provide credit reports on request in accordance with the provisions of this
              Act;

          (d) prevent information held by the credit bureau from being disclosed, with
              the exception of those situations stipulated under this Act;

          (e) maintain adequate systems of internal control

          (f) keep and submit records of the activities of the credit bureau in accor-
              dance with this Act and the laws of Ghana;

          (g) request that a data provider corrects and supplements the submitted
              information that requires reprocessing or specification if there are grounds
              for this;



                                            131
Act 726                        Credit Reporting Act, 2007




         (h) submit to technical audits that the Bank may require from time to time;

         (i) submit records and reports to the Bank as the Bank may require;

         (j) abide by

                 (i)     regulations and rules made under this Act,

                 (ii)    directions given by the Bank, and

                 (iii)   other duties imposed by a code of conduct issued by or with the
                         permission of the Bank;

         (k) accept without charge the filing of credit information by a credit informa-
             tion subject to correct or challenge information held by that credit bureau
             concerning that credit information subject;

         (l) take steps to verify the accuracy of credit information reported to it;

         (m) retain credit information reported to the bureau for the prescribed pe-
            riod;

         (n) maintain the database records of consumer credit information to satisfy
             the standards prescribed by the Bank;

         (o) comply with standards and code of conduct issued by or with the permis-
             sion of the Bank for licensed credit bureaus; and

         (p) not prejudice the assessment of a person’s credit worthiness merely on
             the basis that the credit bureau does not have credit information con-
             cerning that person.

Duties of a data provider

  22. A data provider shall discharge the following duties:

      (a) submit to a credit bureau confirmation that it has received the consent of
          the subject of the credit information for

          (i)      submitting information, and

          (ii)     receiving credit report on the credit information subject;



                                             132
                             Credit Reporting Act, 2007                         Act 726




       (b) notify the credit bureau of changes to information the data provider be-
           comes aware of as regards information submitted on a person.

Duties of a credit report recipient

  23. A credit report recipient shall discharge the following duties:

       (a) keep the credit report confidential and shall not disclose the information
           contained to third parties;

       (b) use the information contained in the credit report only for the purposes
           stated in this Act;

       (c) disclose the contents of a credit report to a subject of credit information or
           provide the subject of credit information with a copy of the credit report on
           request in accordance with this Act;

       (d) pay the credit bureau on the issuance of the credit report; and

       (e) fulfil other obligations in accordance with any other law.

Submission of information to credit bureaux

   24. (1) A data provider which is a financial institution shall submit information to a
licensed credit bureau that relates to a person who enters into a credit agreement with
the financial institution.

       (2) The information to be provided under subsection (1) includes:

       (a) the amount of the loan or other facility granted to the person from the
           financial institution;

       (b) the sum of the outstanding loans including contingent liabilities extended to
           the person by the financial institution;

       (c) the date on which the loan was made and the dates for payment of the
           principal and the interest as agreed;

       (d) information on the composition and the types of collateral which secured
           the debt obligation;

       (e) in the case of a financial institution which sells goods or offers services on a
           credit basis or with delayed payment terms;



                                           133
Act 726                   Credit Reporting Act, 2007




          (i)     the amount of the goods and services provided on a credit basis
                  together with contingent and possible obligations,
          (ii)    the dates the services were provided,

          (iii)   the agreed schedule of payment for the services, and

          (iv)    information on the composition and the types of collateral that
                  secured the payment obligations;

      (f) where the borrower is a natural person including an entrepreneur, the
          following information

          (i)     full name,

          (ii)    gender,

          (iii)   date of birth,

          (iv)    place of residence,

          (v)     information contained in the borrower’s identification documents
                  including passport, voter’s identity card and national identity

          (vi)    the taxpayer registration number of the borrower, and

          (vii)   the social security number of the borrower, and

      (g) where the borrower is an artificial person, the following information is to
          be submitted;

          (i)     the name of the entity,

          (ii)    its organisational and legal form,

          (iii)   its location,

          (iv)    the number and date of registration as a legal entity

          (v)     the taxpayer identification number,

          (vi)    the full names of its Chief Executive Officer, directors and share-
                  holders, and

          (vii)   the taxpayer identification numbers of the Chief Executive Officer,
                  directors and shareholders.



                                        134
                              Credit Reporting Act, 2007                         Act 726




       (3) (a) A financial institution shall provide this information to licensed bureaus
               within seventy-two hours after entering into a credit agreement or facil-
               ity,

            (b) A financial institution shall on a monthly basis provide information to
               licensed credit bureaus on the status of performance of the customer’s
               obligations under the credit agreement or facility

       (4) (a) A financial institution shall not require a borrower to provide information
               on the race, ethnic origin, political, religious or union affiliation or mem-
               bership of a borrower,

            (b) A financial institution which provides information on race, ethnic origin,
                political, religious or union affiliation of a borrower commits a breach
                and is liable to a pecuniary penalty of not more than two thousand five
                hundred penalty units.

Financial institution to provide information without prior consent

  25. A data provider which is a financial institution shall report to the licensed credit
bureau the following information without first obtaining consent from the
    customer:

       (a) details of the loans which are ninety days past the due dates for repayment
           where,

             (i)   the amount owed is not in dispute,

             (ii) the customer has not made satisfactory proposals for repayment of
                  the debt following formal demand, and

             (iii) the customer has been given at least twenty-eight days notice of the
                   intention to disclose that information to the Credit Reference Bureau;

       (b) information on a person involved in financial malpractices; and

       (c) information on a person involved in the issuance of dishonoured cheques
           owing to lack of funds or fraud.

Financial institution to provide information with consent of borrower

    26. (1) A data provider which is a financial institution shall not report any of the
information specified under section 24 to a licensed credit bureau unless the prior
consent in writing of the borrower has been obtained by the financial institution for



                                           135
Act 726                     Credit Reporting Act, 2007




          (a) the submission of the information to the credit bureau, and

          (b) the storage, processing and dissemination of the information by the credit
              bureau in accordance with this Act.

        (2) The financial institution shall request the consent of the customer in

          (a) account opening application forms,

          (b) loan application forms, and

          (c) loan agreements.

        (3) The Bank may by notice direct financial institutions and credit bureaus to
obtain the consent of a borrower and store the consent in electronic form.

        (4) A financial institution shall conduct a search with respect to the applicant’s
credit record on the database of one or more credit bureau licensed under this Act
before it makes a decision to grant or refuse an application for credit or other facility

       (5) An obligation to deny a credit application because of a customer’s refusal to
provide consent shall not be placed on a financial institution.

        (6) Except as provided in section 25, a financial institution shall not divulge
information to a credit bureau without the customer’s consent in writing which shall be
in the form specified in the Schedule.

        (7) A financial institution shall not induce a customer or prospective customer
to provide consent under this section.

        (8) Where a financial institution obtains the consent of a customer the consent
shall continue until revoked by the customer.

         (9) A financial institution which reports information to a credit bureau does not
violate the provisions of the Banking Act, 2004 (Act 673) and any other laws relating to

          (a) secrecy of banking,

          (b) other financial, and

          (c) non-financial services.



                                            136
                              Credit Reporting Act, 2007                      Act 726




        (10) A financial institution may enter into agreements for Data Submission and
Credit Report Delivery with licensed credit bureaus to determine

         (a) the modalities for the submission of information by the financial institu-
             tion,

         (b) the delivery of credit reports by a credit bureau to a financial institution

         (c) the type of information to be provided, and

         (d) the manner and form in which the information is submitted.

       (11) In this section

         (a) “loan” includes borrowing, leasing, factoring and forfeiting, and

         (b) “person” includes a natural person and an artificial person but excludes
             the Government of Ghana.

Offence of disclosure of confidential information

  27. A person who intentionally

         (a) discloses confidential information in contravention of sections 24, 25 and
             26, or

         (b) fails to report information to a credit bureau in contravention of sections
             24, 25 and 26 commits an offence and is liable on summary conviction to
             a fine of one thousand penalty units and a term of imprisonment of not
             less than five years or to both.

Other sources of information for credit bureaux

  28. (1) A credit bureau may receive, compile and report information as regards a
person that is ordinarily available to the public.

       (2) The information is what can be obtained from the following public sources:

         (a) government agencies that register business and maintain a register of
             businesses in operation;

       (b) government agencies that register property rights and transactions which
           include;



                                          137
Act 726                       Credit Reporting Act, 2007




            (i)   registries which maintain information on interests in immovable prop-
                  erty,

            (ii) creation of charges and other encumbrances on assets, and

            (iii) the registration of discharges of the encumbrances;

       (c) reports on investigations and convictions on economic crimes held by the
           Police Service;

       (d) registries of courts which maintain;

            (i)   data on judgement debts,

            (ii) records of insolvency proceedings,

            (iii) orders for the winding-up of business, and

            (iv) criminal convictions;

       (e) rulings of tribunals or administrative bodies as regards the credit status of a
           person.

       (3) The public source may enter into contracts with licensed credit bureaus to
determine

          (a) the modalities for the provision of information by the source, and

          (b) the manner and form in which the information is submitted.

         (4) A public source which provides information to a credit bureau shall include
the following information:

       (a) for individuals;

            (i)   the name,

            (ii) the gender,

            (iii) date of birth,

            (iv) place of residence,



                                          138
                                 Credit Reporting Act, 2007                  Act 726




             (v) relevant information obtained from the identification documents,

             (vi) the taxpayer registration number, and

             (vii) information as regards the registration of encumbrances that affect
                   property and other rights; or

        (b) for legal entities;

           (i)   the name,

           (ii) the organisational and legal form,

           (iii) the location,

           (iv) the number and date of registration of legal entity,

           (v) the taxpayer registration number,

           (vi) details of the bank account,

           (vii) information on registration of property rights, and

           (viii) information on encumbrances of property

Access to information

  29. The right of a credit bureau to access information from public sources shall be in
addition to the right of access to information granted under any law.

Retention period of credit information database

   30. (1) A credit bureau shall maintain a record of the history of the credit informa-
tion.

       (2) A credit bureau shall maintain information in its database for

          (a) a maximum period of six years from the occurrence of the basis for keep-
              ing the information on record, or

          (b) a period often years in the case of a criminal conviction.

       (3) A credit bureau shall establish and implement procedures to update infor-
mation registered on its database on an ongoing basis.



                                           139
Act 726                       Credit Reporting Act, 2007




       (4) A credit bureau shall update its database

       (a) as often as necessary in accordance with the nature of the information
           stored, and

       (b) whenever information is provided by the data provider.

Management of database security

   31. (1) A credit bureau shall adopt adequate security and control measures to avoid
mismanagement of information in accordance with this Act and other data protection
law.

       (2) Where a person other than the sender or the intended recipient of transmit-
ted message or data

       (a) steals,

       (b) intercepts,

       (c) interferes with,

       (d) alters or modifies,

       (e) diverts,

       (e) unlawfully discloses,

       (g) decodes,

        (h) facilitates, or
attempts to decode a transmitted message or data, that person breaches the principles
of privacy and secrecy of communication established tinder section 34.

       (3) A credit bureau, a credit information recipient and a data provider shall
employ international best practices in the industry to promote

       (a) privacy,

       (b) secrecy,

       (c) security of communications, and



                                         140
                              Credit Reporting Act, 2007                       Act 726




        (d) personal and account data earned or transmitted by the credit bureau, data
            provider or credit information recipient or through their communications
            system.

Dissemination and usage of credit information by credit bureau

  32. (1) A person shall not obtain credit information from a credit bureau unless that
person

       (a) is a credit report recipient as defined under this Act;

       (b) has been registered with the credit bureau to obtain information;

       (c) has produced confirmation that that person has obtained the consent in
           writing of the credit information subject to receive the credit report from the
           credit bureau; and

       (d) has satisfied the credit bureau that it requires the credit information to

             (i)   evaluate credit risks in the grant, monitoring or extension of loans or
                   other credits,

             (ii) evaluate risks where the terms of a credit agreement are changed,

             (iii) evaluate risks related to other transactions with deferred payments,

             (iv) confirm the accuracy of information contained in a credit report,

             (v) underwrite insurance, or

             (vi) analyse insurance claims.

       (2) A credit bureau shall keep a record of requests for the issue of credit reports
and a record of the credit reports provided.

        (3) A credit bureau shall refuse to provide a credit report if the request for its
provision contravenes a provision of this Act or any other law.

        (4) The Bank may request for credit information from a credit bureau to inves-
tigate matters arising under this Act.




                                           141
Act 726                       Credit Reporting Act, 2007




Payment for the provision of credit information and credit report services

  33. (1) A credit bureau may charge fees for its services or other services authorised
under this Act, after consultation with a credit information recipient.

       (2) A credit bureau shall publish the fees prescribed in subsection (1) in a
media of nationwide coverage.

Credit bureau to observe privacy and secrecy principles

  34. (1) A credit bureau, data provider or credit information recipient shall observe
the following principles:

       (a) the equality of credit information subjects;

       (b) the confidentiality of information;

       (c) non-interference in the private life of citizens;

       (d) respect for the rights, liberties and lawful interests of persons and legal
           entities;
       (e) accuracy and transparency of information; and

       (f) privacy and secrecy of communication.

       (2) The Bank may issue statements of principle with respect to the conduct of
persons licensed under this Act.

        (3) A person who fails to comply with the statement of principle breaches the
provisions of this Act.

Duties of a data provider in relation to consent obtained

  35. A data provider shall

       (a) keep records of consent obtained from the credit history of a subject, and

       (b) keep the consent in electronic or physical form for not less than ten years
           from the date the consent was provided.




                                           142
                             Credit Reporting Act, 2007                       Act 726




Right to confidential treatment

   36. A person who receives, compiles, retains or reports confidential information that
pertains to a consumer or prospective consumer shall protect the confidentiality of the
information and shall

       (a) use the information only for a purpose permitted in terms of this Act, and

       (b) disclose information in good faith and in accordance with the provisions of
           this Act.

Right to access and challenge of credit records and information

  37. (1) A person has a right to

       (a) receive a copy of information proposed to be provided by a data provider to
           a credit bureau on the person on request,

       (b) physically call at the offices of a credit bureau during normal business hours
           and inspect a file or information concerning that person held by the credit
           bureau without charge

          (i)   once within a period of twelve months,

          (ii) if so ordered by a Court or tribunal, and

          (iii) once within a reasonable period after the person has challenged infor-
                mation given to verify whether that information has been corrected,

       (c) inspect a file containing information concerning the person held by the credit
           bureau at another time, on payment of a nominal fee.

       (2) A person has a right to

       (a) challenge the accuracy f information held by a credit bureau on a person,
           and

       (b) require the credit bureau to investigate the accuracy of the challenged in-
           formation, without a charge to the consumer.




                                          143
Act 726                     Credit Reporting Act, 2007




Right of modification and cancellation of information

   38. (1) Where a person who is the subject of information challenges the accuracy of
information held by a credit bureau as illegal, inaccurate, erroneous, or outdated the
person may

          (a) request a review of the information held by the credit bureau, and

          (b) support the request with evidence relevant to the establishment of the
              accuracy of the information in question.

        (2) Where the error is attributable to information sources, a credit bureau shall
notify the person to direct the claim to the data provider from where the information
originated.

        (3) Where a person challenges the accuracy of information the credit bureau or
the data provider shall take reasonable steps to seek evidence to support the chal-
lenged information and within the prescribed time after the filing of the challenge

          (a) provide a copy of any credible evidence to the person who filed the chal-
              lenge, or

          (b) remove the information and records of the information from the files if
              the credit bureau is unable to find credible evidence in support of the
              information, and the credit bureau shall, at its expense notify any person
              who may have used the flawed information of the error and the rectifica-
              tion of the error.

        (4) (a) Where a person who challenges information held by a data provider or
credit bureau, receives a copy of the credible evidence, the person may apply to the
Bank in the prescribed manner and form within twenty working days after receiving a
copy of the evidence.

           (b) The Bank shall investigate the disputed information as a complaint under
                section 43 of this Act.

        (5) (a) A data provider or credit bureau may apply to the Bank to make an
                 order limiting the obligation of the applicant to a consumer.

           (b) The Bank may grant the order if satisfied that




                                          144
                               Credit Reporting Act, 2007                       Act 726




                (i)    the request or requirement of the consumer is frivolous, unfounded
                       or wholly unreasonable, or

                (ii)   the history and pattern of making requests or requirements is frivo-
                       lous or vexatious.

Unfounded claim

  39. Where a person makes an unfounded claim, a credit bureau may charge the
person for the cost of verifying the credibility of the claim.

  Refusal of inspection

   40. A credit bureau shall not refuse to permit a person to exercise the right to
inspect a credit bureau file as specified in section 37(1) (c).

Legal action

   41. A person who suffers harm arising from the supply of inaccurate or incomplete
information about the person is entitled to commence an action in Court

       (a) against the data provider or credit bureau,

       (b) showing that the data provider negligently provided the information which
           has caused harm to the person, and

       (c) to seek an injunction from the Court to

          (i)   restrain the publication of the inaccurate information, or

          (ii) expunge the inaccurate or adverse information from the database of a
               credit bureau.

                            Complaints, redress and penalties

Inquiry Service Unit

  42. (1) A credit bureau shall have an Inquiry Service Unit.

       (2) An Inquiry Service Unit shall attend to persons




                                            145
Act 726                     Credit Reporting Act, 2007




           (a) affected by information contained in the database of the credit bureau,
               and

           (b) who challenge the information on the grounds that it is illegal, inaccu-
               rate, erroneous or outdated.

Dispute resolution

  43. (1) A complaint shall be submitted in writing to the Bank before redress is
sought in a Court for the settlement of grievance under this Act.

        (2) The Bank shall investigate the matter and determine it in accordance with
this section.

         (3) Where the Bank receives a complaint or notice of a dispute, the Bank shall

           (a) cause the matter to be investigated, and

           (b) settle the dispute or complaint to the satisfaction of the parties con-
               cerned, unless the Bank considers the matter to be frivolous or vexa-
               tious.

         (4) A person dissatisfied with a decision of the Bank may appeal to the High
Court.

General offences, breaches and penalties

  44. (1) The Bank may impose sanctions on persons who contravene the provisions,
regulations and rules made under this Act.

         (2) The Bank may impose one or more of the following sanctions:

           (a) pecuniary penalties as are prescribed by Regulations under this Act;

           (b) suspension of a credit bureau licence; or

           (c) revocation of a credit bureau licence.

         (3) A credit bureau which

           (a) delays in providing information and documents to the Bank,




                                          146
                             Credit Reporting Act, 2007                       Act 726




           (b) alters, modifies or deletes records from its database in contravention of
               this Act, or

          (c) fails to adopt security and control measures that are necessary to pre-
              vent the wrongful use and management of information
commits a breach and is liable to pay a pecuniary penalty of five thousand penalty units
to the Bank and in the case of a continuing breach to an additional fine of not more
than one hundred penalty units for each day on which the breach continues.

Operation of credit bureau without licence

   45. (1) A person who operates as a credit bureau when the licence to operate as a
credit bureau has been revoked or suspended, commits an offence and is liable on
summary conviction to a fine of not less than five thousand penalty units or a term of
imprisonment of not less than ten years or both.

       (2) A person who

          (a) discloses confidential information as provided under section 27, or

         (b) fails to disclose confidential information as provided under section 27 of
             this Act,
commits an offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine of not less than four
thousand penalty units or a term of imprisonment of not less than eight years or both.

        (3) A person who discloses confidential information concerning the affairs of d
per ;on or firm obtained in the course of the performance of functions under this Act,
commits an offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine of not less than four
thousand penalty units or a term of imprisonment of not less than eight years or both.

        (4) A person who hinders, opposes, obstructs or unduly influences a person in
the exercise of a power, performance of a delegated function, conferred or imposed
duty under this Act, commits an offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine of
not less than two thousand penalty units or a term of imprisonment of not less than
four years or both.

         (5) Where a person other than the sender or the intended recipient of a trans-
mitted message or data, steals, intercepts, interferes with, alters or modifies, diverts,
unlawfully discloses, decodes or attempts to decode a transmitted message or data, or
facilitates any act, that person commits an offence and is liable on summary conviction
to a fine of not less than four thousand penalty units or a term of imprisonment of not
less than eight years or both.



                                          147
Act 726                     Credit Reporting Act, 2007




        (6) A person who fails to comply with any other provision of this Act commits an
offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine of not less than two thousand
penalty units or a term of imprisonment of not less than four years or both.

        (7) Where an offence is committed under this Act by a body corporate, each
director, executive officer, secretary or employee of the body corporate who was by act
or omission, directly or indirectly concerned in or is a party to the commission of the
offence shall also be guilty of the offence

                      Investigation, inspection and Court orders

Investigation of certain matters by the Bank of Ghana

  46. Where the Bank reasonably

       (a) suspects that a person has committed an offence under this Act, or

       (b) has been found guilty of fraud or dishonesty in relation to credit information
           the Bank may conduct investigations into the matter.

Inspection by Bank of Ghana

  47. (1) The Bank may inspect the books, accounts, documents, transactions and
other records of a data provider1 credit bureau, or a credit information recipient.

       (2) The Bank may appoint a qualified person to exercise this power.

       (3) (a)   To carry out an inspection under this section,

               (i)   a data provider,
               (ii)  credit bureau, or
               (iii) a credit information recipient
shall afford the Bank access to its books, accounts, documents and the information
required to conduct the inspection.

           (b) A data provider, credit bureau, or a credit information recipient shall
               produce books, accounts, documents and the information required to
               conduct the inspection.

       (4) A person appointed by the Bank shall have the power to make copies of, or
take possession of the books, accounts and other documents of a data provider, credit
bureau, or a credit information recipient.


                                          148
                            Credit Reporting Act, 2007                      Act 726




         (5) A person who fails without reasonable excuse, to produce a book, account,
document, information, or facilities commits an offence and is liable on summary con-
viction to a fine of not more than two thousand penalty units or a term of imprisonment
of not more than four years or both.

Production of books

  48. (1) The Bank may by notice in writing give directions to a credit bureau, data
provider or a credit information recipient to produce books or records to a person
authorised by the Bank as specified.

        (2) The Bank may authorise a person in writing to exercise the power to re-
quest the production of books conferred on it.

        (3) Where the books required to be produced to the Bank or the person
authorised by the Bank are subject to alien, the production of the books shall not
prejudice the lien.

       (4) An action shall not lie against a person who complies with a direction or
requirement to produce books under this section.

       (5) Where the power is conferred to make a requirement of a person, it extends
where the body is a body corporate, to an officer of the body corporate whether that
body corporate is in the course of being wound up or has been dissolved.

Procedure on receipt of books

  49. (1) Where the books required are produced, the person who receives the books
may

       (a) take possession, make copies or take extracts from them,

       (b) require the other person or any person who was party to the compilation of
           the books to provide an explanatory statement of any of the books, or

       (c) retain possession of the books for the duration the Bank considers neces-
           sary to enable inspection, or copies or extracts from the books to be made,
           or taken on behalf of the Bank.

       (2) The person who receives the books shall permit the person who produced
them, access to the books on being given reasonable notice and specification of the
books.

       (3) Where the books are not produced, the Bank or the authorised person may
request the person who should have produced the books



                                         149
Act 726                     Credit Reporting Act, 2007




       (a) to state where the books may be found,

       (b) to identify the person who last had custody of the books and where the
           person may be found, or

       (c) to state the reasons why the books cannot be produced.

Information from books to be published with prior consent

   50. (1) The person who has custody or control of books shall give consent in writing
prior to the publication or disclosure of information obtained from the books.

       (2) Information obtained from books that have been produced shall not be
published or disclosed without the previous consent in writing of the person who has
custody or control of the books except to

       (a) the Bank, its officers and employees, and

       (b) as required by law.

       (3) A person who publishes any information in contravention of this section
commits an offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine of not more than two
thousand penalty units or a term of imprisonment of not more than four years or both.

Order by Magistrate to enter and search premises

  51. (1) Where a District Magistrate on being informed in writing on oath and after
enquiry, on reasonable grounds suspects that

       (a) prohibited conduct has taken place, is taking place, or is likely to take place
           on or in premises within the jurisdiction of the District Court,

       (b) a person who has control of the subject of an investigation into a prohibited
           conduct is on the premises, and

       (c) a person who has control or possession of books which have been directed
           to be produced but have not been produced in compliance with the direc-
           tion, is on the premises,
    the Magistrate may issue a warrant authorising the Bank or a person named in the
warrant to enter and search the premises.

       (2) The authorised person may



                                          150
                              Credit Reporting Act, 2007                    Act 726




       (a) enter premises or a place suspected to be used for credit bureau operations
           without a licence at a reasonable time to investigate activities there and
           make a report,

       (b) search the premises,

       (c) search any person on the premises if there are reasonable grounds to be-
           lieve that the person has possession of an article or document which is
           relevant to the investigation,

       (d) examine any article or document on the premises which is relevant to the
           investigation,

       (e) request information about any article or document from

          (i)    the owner,

          (ii)   person in control of the premises,

          (iii) any person who has control of the article or document, or

          (iv) any other person who may have the information sought, and take ex-
               tracts from, make copies of books or documents on the premises rel-
               evant to the investigation, and

       (f) use a computer system on the premises, or require the assistance of any
           person on the premises to use that computer system to

          (i)    search data contained in the computer,

          (ii)   reproduce a record from the data,

          (iii) seize output from the computer for examination and copying, and

          (iv) attach and, if necessary, remove from the premises for examination
               and safekeeping, a thing that is relevant to the investigation.

        (3) The powers conferred by the Criminal Code 1960 (Act 29) or any law in
force relating to search of premises shall apply.

        (4) The person authorised to conduct the search shall produce the authorisation
at the request of the person in control of the premises.




                                          151
Act 726                      Credit Reporting Act, 2007




        (5) In this section “premises” includes any structure, building, place,, aircraft,
vehicle or vessel.

Power of Court to make certain orders

  52. (1) Where a person alleges infringement of the person’s rights under this Act,
the person may make an application to the High Court.

       (2) Where on an application by a person who alleges infringement, the Court
discovers that

       (a) a person has committed an offence under this Act,
       (b) has contravened a condition for the issue of a licence,

       (c) has breached a code of conduct issued by the Bank of Ghana or issued with
           the Bank’s permission, or

       (d) is about to do an act which would constitute an offence the Court may, in
           addition to other orders, make one or more of the following. orders:

          (i)    an order to restrain the person from carrying on a credit bureau busi-
                 ness, acting as a data provider or a credit information recipient, or
                 purporting to carry out credit bureau business; or

          (ii)   an order to restrain a person from providing, acquiring, disposing of or
                 dealing with any credit information specified in the order;

          (iii) an order to direct a person to do or refrain from doing a specified act;
                and

          (iv) any ancillary order.

       (3) A person commits an offence if the person fails to comply with an order
under subsection (2) and is liable on summary conviction to a fine of not more than five
thousand penalty units or a term of imprisonment of not more than ten years or both.

                                 Miscellaneous matters

Liquidation of credit bureau

  53. Subject to the approval of the Bank a credit bureau may be wound up under the
Companies Code, 1963 (Act 179) and the Bodies Corporate Official Liquidation Act,
1963 (Act 180).



                                           152
                             Credit Reporting Act, 2007                     Act 726




Database in event of liquidation, suspension or revocation of a licence

  54. (1) Where

       (a) a resolution is made by a credit bureau for voluntary liquidation under the
           Companies Code 1963 (Act 179),
       (b) a winding-up order is made as regards a credit bureau under the Bodies
           Corporate (Official Liquidation) Act, 1963 (Act 180), or

       (c) the Bank suspends or revokes the licence of a credit bureau the credit bu-
           reau shall deliver any information contained in its database to the data
           provider from whom the credit bureau obtained the information subject to a
           data submission agreement entered into as regards the information.

       (2) A credit bureau shall only transfer database containing information to the
Bank or the nominated recipient of the Bank.

       (3) Where

           (a)   a credit bureau,

           (b)   its shareholders,

           (c)   directors, or

            (d) officers
disclose information in breach of subsection (2), the credit bureau is liable to pay a
pecuniary penalty of two thousand penalty units and in the case of a continuing breach
to an additional fine of not more than five hundred penalty units for each day on which
the breach continues.

Compliance report

  55. (1) A credit bureau shall submit to the Bank an annual compliance report in
addition to its audited financial statements.

       (2) An annual compliance report shall be certified by an independent audito

       (3) An annual compliance report shall address the following matters:

       (a) accuracy of data received and reported by the credit bureau;




                                         153
Act 726                      Credit Reporting Act, 2007




       (b) incidence of complaints and complaint resolution; and

       (c) adequacy of procedures employed by the credit bureau to ensure

          (i)    that data received and reported by it are accurate,

          (ii)   that confidentiality of data is maintained, and

          (iii) that complaints are resolved promptly and satisfactorily.

        (4) An annual compliance report shall deal with any other related matters pre-
scribed by regulations.

Technical audit

  56. The Bank may order the technical audit of the facilities, equipment resources
and accounts of a credit bureau to be conducted at reasonable intervals.

  Accounts and audit

  57. (1) A credit bureau shall keep books of account and proper records in relation to
them in the form approved by the Bank.

       (2) A credit bureau shall submit a copy of its audited financial statements to the
Bank within three months after the end of the financial year.

Bank of Ghana to submit annual report

   58. The Bank shall submit to the Minister, an annual report covering the activities
and operations of licensed credit bureaus within six months after the end of the finan-
cial year.

  Sale or amalgamation of business

   59. A credit bureau shall submit to the Bank for prior approval, any proposal for
arrangement or agreement by which the credit bureau is to change control of business,
sale or amalgamation of its business.

  Regulations

  60. The Minister may on the advice of the Bank by legislative instrument make
Regulations to




                                           154
                            Credit Reporting Act, 2007                        Act 726




       (a) prescribe the fees to be paid by a credit bureau for an application for a
           licence to the Bank of Ghana;

       (b) provide for standards for the filing, retention and reporting of credit infor-
           mation by a credit bureau;

       (c) provide for the licensing of credit bureau;

       (d) provide operational guidelines for credit bureau;

       (e) prescribe guidelines for submission of information to credit bureau;

       (f) prescribe the manner of dissemination of credit information by credit bu-
           reau;

       (g) prescribe the reporting requirements of credit bureau;

       (h) provide for persons to be designated as data providers under this Act;

       (i) provide for administrative and other penalties for breach of this Act;

       (j) prescribe appropriate control and security measures to be taken by credit
           bureaus to secure their operations; and

       (k) provide generally for the effective implementation of this Act.

Interpretation

   61. In this Act unless the context otherwise requires,

“Bank” means the Bank of Ghana;

“Court” means a Court of competent jurisdiction;

“computer system” includes an electronic, magnetic, optical, electron-chemical or other
    data processing device, the physical components and any removable storage me-
    dium that is connected to the device or a group of inter-connected or related
    devices, one or more of which is capable of

       (a) containing data, or

       (b) performing a logical, arithmetic or any other function in relation to data;




                                          155
Act 726                      Credit Reporting Act, 2007




“contingent liabilities” includes liabilities that are contingent upon the occurrence of an
    event that affect guarantees and other credit enhancing instruments issued by a
    person in favour of another person;

“credit bureau” means an institution licensed under this Act to carryout credit bureau
    activities;
“credit bureau activities” means the activities specified in section 12;

“credit information” means data on credit information subjects in electronic and paper
    form that is submitted by a data provider to a credit bureau and maintained, pro-
    cessed and reported on by a credit bureau, under this Act;

“credit information subject” means a person in relation to whom a data provider sub-
    mits credit information to a credit bureau and in relation to whom a credit report is
    issued by a credit bureau;

“credit report” means a report issued by a credit bureau which contains a full or partial
    disclosure of information contained in its database;

“credit report recipient” means a financial institution which is eligible to receive a credit
    report under this Act;

“credit reporting system” means the collection of credit data by a credit bureau, the
    storage, management and processing of the data and the dissemination of credit
    information by a credit bureau under this Act;

“data provider” means a financial institution and a public source as defined under this
    Act and any other person designated as such from time to time by the Minister;

“financial institution” means a financial institution licensed and regulated bylaw and
     includes institutions licensed and regulated under

       (a) the Banking Act, 2004 (Act 673),

       (b) the Financial Institutions (Non-Banking) Law, 1993 (P.N.D.C.L. 328),

       (c) the Insurance Law, 1989 (P.N.D.C.L. 227), and

       (d) the Securities Industry Law 1993 (P.N.D.C.L. 333); “Minister” means the
           Minister responsible for Finance and Economic Planning;

    “pecuniary penalty” means a fine imposed by the Bank;



                                            156
                             Credit Reporting Act, 2007                       Act 726




“person” means a natural and artificial person;

“prescribed” means prescribed under this Act;

“private domain name” means an alphanumeric designation that is registered or assigned
     in respect of an electronic address or other resource on the Internet;

“public source” means the public agencies and registries specified under section 28 of
    this Act;

“security agencies” means agencies connected with national security;

Application of other legislation

   62. This Act shall be in addition to any other legislation related to confidentiality,
privacy, right to information, data protection, electronic crime, economic crime, com-
puter crime and other relevant matters and shall not derogate from the provision of
these laws.




                                          157
Act 726                      Credit Reporting Act, 2007




                                        Schedule

I ………………………………………….........., a customer of ...................................... (Limited)

hereby authorise………………..............................……………….. (Limited) to

  (a) submit information on my credit transaction with............................. (Limited)
      to a credit bureau licensed under this Act, or

  (b) obtain credit reports on me from a credit bureau licensed under this Act for the
      purpose of credit management.




                     Date of Gazette notification: l3th Apnl, 2007.




                                            158
Fair Wages and Salaries Commission
        Act, 2007 (Act 737)
                 Fair Wages and Salaries Commission Act, 2007     Act 737




                             ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

                          Fair Wages and Salaries Commission

 1.   Establishment of Fair Wages and Salaries Commission
 2.   Object of the Commission
 3.   Functions of the Commission
 4.   Scope of the Act
 5.   Governing body of the Commission
 6.   Tenure of office of members
 7.   Meetings of the Board
 8.   Disclosure of interest
 9.   Establishment of committees
10.   Allowances
11.   Ministerial directives
12.   Collaboration with other bodies

                                 Administrative matters

13.   Secretariat to the Commission
14.   Chief Executive
15.   Functions of the Chief Executive
16.   Deputy Chief Executive
17.   Technical team
18.   Appointment of other staff

                             Grievance Review Committee

19. Establishment of the Grievance Review Committee
20. Composition of the Committee
21. Functions of the Committee
22. Tenure of office of members of the Committee
23. Allowance of members of the Committee
24. Appeal

                         Financial and Miscellaneous provisions

25. Funds of the Commission
26. Accounts and audit



                                          155
Act 737        Fair Wages and Salaries Commission Act, 2007




27. Annual report and other reports
28. Power to obtain information
29. Existing arrangements
30. Regulations
31. Interpretation
32. Repeal




                                      156
                Fair Wages and Salaries Commission Act, 2007                 Act 737




                    THE SEVEN HUNDRED AND THIRTY-SEVENTH

                                       ACT
                       OF THE PARLIAMENT OF THE REPUBLIC
                                   OF GHANA
                                    ENTITLED

         THE FAIR WAGES AND SALARIES COMMISSION ACT, 2007

AN ACT to establish the Fair Wages and Salaries Commission and to provide for related
purposes.
                          DATE OF ASSENT: 4th June, 2007.
ENACTED by the President and Parliament:

                         Fair Wages and Salaries Commission

Establishment of Fair Wages and Salaries Commission

     1. (1) There is established by this Act a body to be known as the Fair Wages and
Salaries Commission.

      (2) The Commission is a body corporate with perpetual succession and a com-
mon seal and may sue and be sued in its corporate name.

       (3) The Commission may for the performance of its functions acquire an. hold
movable and immovable property and may enter into a contract or any other transaction.

        (4) Where there is hindrance to the acquisition of property, the property may be
acquired for the Commission under the State Property and Contracts Act, 1960 (C.A.6)
or the State Lands Act, 1962 (Act, 125) and the costs shall be borne by the Commission.

Object of the Commission
     2. The object of the Commission is

       (a) to ensure fair, transparent and systematic implementation of the Govern-
           ment public service pay policy,

       (b) to develop and advise Government on and ensure that decisions are
           implemented on matters related to




                                          157
Act 737         Fair Wages and Salaries Commission Act, 2007




          (i)   salaries, wages, grading, classification,

          (ii) job analysis and job evaluation,

          (iii) performance management and indicators, and

          (iv) allowances and benefits in the public service with the ultimate objec-
               tive of consolidation of the allowances and benefits; and

      (c) to undertake negotiations where compensation is financed from public
          funds.

Functions of the Commission

    3. To achieve its objects, the Commission shall

      (a) implement public service pay policy, except the determination of emolu-
          ments under article 71 of the Constitution,

      (b) develop and monitor allowances and benefits of public servants and the
          consolidation of salaries of public servants,

      (c) undertake job analysis and job evaluations,

      (d) develop and ensure a consistent review of standard job evaluation meth-
          odology

      (e) develop and ensure implementation of grading and classification struc-
          tures

      (f) review requests for the re-grading of positions,

      (g) co-ordinate, manage and monitor collective bargaining processes in which
          Government is the direct or indirect employer,

      (h) develop salary structures for the public service,

      (i) ensure that the balance of internal consistency, external competitiveness
          and employee performance are fully reflected in the public service pay
          system,

      (j) advise on performance management processes and indicators,



                                           158
                Fair Wages and Salaries Commission Act, 2007                  Act 737




       (k) develop a mechanism within the public service salary system to attract and
           retain critical skill,

       (l) undertake research on salaries, benefits and allowances,

       (m) review and propose changes to salary related components in enactments,
          and

       (n) perform other functions related to the objects of the Commission.

Scope of the Act

    4. This Act applies to the public service, except as provided ir article 71 of the
Constitution.

Governing body of the Commission

     5. (1) The governing body of the Commission is a Board consisting of

       (a) the chairperson,

       (b) the vice-chairperson,

       (c) the chief Executive of the Commission who shall be the member secretary;
           and

        (d) four other persons at least one of whom is a woman
who have expertise in human resource management, wage and salary administration
or law.

       (2) The members of the Board shall be appointed by the President in accor-
dance with article 70 of the Constitution.

       (3) The Board shall perform the functions of the Commission.

Tenure of office of members

     6. (1) A member of the Board shall hold office for a period not exceeding three
years and is eligible for re-appointment.

         (2) Where a member of the Board, resigns, dies, is removed from office or is for
a sufficient reason unable to ac as a member, the Minister shall notify the President of



                                          159
Act 737          Fair Wages and Salaries Commission Act, 2007




the vacancy and the President in consultation with the Council of State shall appoint
another person to hold office for the unexpired portion of the member’s term of office.

       (3) A member of the Board may at any time resign from office in writing ad-
dressed to the President through the Minister.

       (4) The President may by letter addressed to a member revoke the appoint-
ment of that member.

Meetings of the Board

     7. (1) The Board shall meet at least once each month for the despatch of business
at the times and in the places determined by the chairperson.

       (2) The chairperson shall at the request in writing of not less than one-third of
the membership of the Board convene an extraordinary meeting of the Board at the
place and time determined by the chairperson.

        (3) The quorum at a meeting of the Board is four members of the Board.

        (4) The chairperson shall preside at meetings of the Board and in the absence
of the chairperson the vice-chairperson shall preside arid in the absence of the vice
chairperson, a member of the Board elected by the members present shall preside.

       (5) Matters before the Board shall be decided by a majority of the members
present and voting and in the event of an equality of votes, the person presiding shall
have a casting vote.

        (6) The Board may co-opt a person to attend a Board meeting but that person
shall not vote on a matter for decision at the meeting.

       (7) The proceedings of the Board shall not be invalidated by reason of a va-
cancy among the members or a defect in the appointment or qualification of a member.

       (8) Subject to this section, the Board may determine the procedure for its
meetings.

Disclosure of interest

     8. (1) A member of the Board who has an interest in a matter for consideration by
the Board shall disclose that interest in writing and is disqualified from participating in
the deliberations of the Board in respect of that matter.



                                           160
                Fair Wages and Salaries Commission Act, 2007                  Act 737




       (2) A member who contravenes subsection (1) ceases to be a member.

Establishment of committees

    9. The Board may establish committees consisting of members of the Board or
non-members or both to perform a function.

Allowances

    10. A member of the Board and a member of a committee of the Board shall be
paid the allowances approved by the Minister in consultation with the Minister respon-
sible for Finance.

Ministerial directives

    11. Subject to section 3, the Minister may give directives to the Board on matters of
policy and the Board shall comply.

Collaboration with other bodies

   12. The Board shall collaborate with other relevant bodies in the performance of its
functions under this Act.

                                Administrative matters

Secretariat to the Commission

    13. There shall be a Secretariat of the Commission to be headed by a Chief Execu-
tive.

   Chief Executive

   14. (1) The President shall, in accordance with article 195 of the Constitution,
appoint the Chief Executive.

         (2) The Chief Executive shall hold office on the terms and conditions specified
in the letter of appointment.

Functions of the Chief Executive

   15. (1) The Chief Executive is responsible for the day to day administration of the




                                          161
Act 737         Fair Wages and Salaries Commission Act, 2007




secretariat of the Commission and is answerable to the Board in the performance of
functions under this Act.

        (2) The Chief Executive may delegate a function to the Deputy Chief Executive
or any senior member.

Deputy Chief Executive

   16. (1) The President shall, in accordance with article 195 of the Constitution,
appoint a Deputy Chief Executive.

       (2) In the absence of the Chief Executive, the Deputy Chief Executive shall
perform the functions of the Chief Executive.

Technical team

  17. The Board shall constitute a technical team to perform the functions of the
Commission.

Appointment of other staff

   18. (1) The President shall in accordance with article 195 of the Constitution, ap-
point other staff of the Commission that are necessary for the proper and effective
performance of the functions of the Commission.

       (2) Other public officers may be transferred or seconded to the Commission or
may otherwise give assistance to the Commission.

         (3) The Commission may engage the services of advisers on the recommenda-
tion of the Board.

                            Grievance Review Committee

Establishment of the Grievance Review Committee

  19. In furtherance of section 9, there is hereby established a Grievance Review
Committee.

Composition of the Committee

   20. The Committee shall be chaired by a member of the Board and consist of at
least two other persons who are non-members of the Board with experience in



                                         162
                Fair Wages and Salaries Commission Act, 2007                Act 737




          (a) the development of salary systems, and

          (b) grading, classification and job evaluation.

Functions of the Committee

   21. The Committee shall

          (a) examine documentation and recommendations presented to the Com-
              mittee from the Chief Executive to grade or re-grade positions in the
              public service,

          (b) determine matters related to grading or re-grading, based on the analy-
              sis of the information provided by the secretariat, and

          (c) determine the guidelines and procedure to be followed by the staff of
              the Commission in the analysis of a complaint about grading or re-
              grading before a grievance is submitted to the Committee.

Tenure of office of members of the Committee

    22. (1) A member of the Committee shall be appointed by the Board and shall hold
office for a period of not more than three years and is eligible for re-appointment.

        (2) A member of the Committee shall hold and vacate office in accordance with
the terms of appointment and may resign from office by notice in writing to the Board.

        (3) If a member of the Committee is by reason of illness, absence or other
reasonable cause unable to discharge the duties of office generally or in relation to
particular proceedings, the Board may appoint another person to discharge the duties
of the member in relation to those proceedings for a period of not more than six
months at a time.

        (4) The person appointed by the Board shall have the same powers during the
period of the appointment as the member in whose place the person is appointed.

Allowance of members of the Committee

   23. A member of the Committee shall have the remuneration that the Minister
determines in consultation with the Minister responsible for Finance.




                                         163
Act 737         Fair Wages and Salaries Commission Act, 2007




Appeal

   24. A person dissatisfied with a decision

           (a) of the Committee may apply to the Board for a review of the decision,
               or

           (b) of the Board may apply to the National Labour Commission for a
               review of the decision.

                        Financial and miscellaneous provisions

Funds of the Commission

   25. The funds of the Commission include

           (a) moneys approved by Parliament,

           (b) donations, grants and gifts, and

           (c) any other moneys approved by the Minister responsible for Finance.

Accounts and audit

   26. (1) The Board shall keep books of account and proper records in relation to
them in the form approved by the Auditor-General.

       (2) The Board shall submit the accounts of the Commission to the Auditor.
General for audit within three months after the end of the financial year.

       (3) The Auditor-General shall, not later than three months after the receipt of
the account, audit the accounts and forward a copy of the audit report to the Minister

        (4) The financial year of the Commission shall be the same as the financial year
of the Government.

Annual report and other reports

   27. (1) The Board shall within one month after the receipt of the audit report,
submit an annual report to the Minister covering the activities and the operations of the
Commission for the year to which the report relates.



                                          164
                Fair Wages and Salaries Commission Act, 2007                 Act 737




       (2) The annual report shall include the report of the Auditor-General.

        (3) The Minister shall, within one month after the receipt of the annual report,
submit the report to Parliament with a statement that the Minister considers necessary.

        (4) The Board shall also submit to the Minister any other reports which the
Minister may require in writing.

Power to obtain information

    28. (1) The technical team may require any person to provide information related
to this Act by notice in writing.

        (2) The information shall be provided within twenty-one days after service of
the notice.

         (3) A person who fails to provide the information requested commits an offence
and is liable on summary conviction to a tine not exceeding five hundred penalty units
or to a term of imprisonment not exceeding two years or to both anti in the case of a
continuing offence to a further fine often penalty units for each day during which the
offence continues after written notice has been served on the offender by the
Commission.

       (4) Where the offence is committed by a company or body of persons, the
penalty shall be a line of not more than one thousand penalty units, and

          (a) in the case of a body corporate, other than a partnership, each director
              or officer of the body is considered to have committed the offence, and

          (b) in the case of a partnership, each partner or officer of that body is
              considered to have committed that offence.

          (5) A person is not considered to have committed the offence under subsection
(3), if the person proves that the offence was committed without the person’s knowledge
or connivance and that the person exercised due care and diligence to prevent the
commission of the offence having regard to all the circumstances.

Existing arrangements

   29. (1) A public agency concerned with




                                          165
Act 737         Fair Wages and Salaries Commission Act, 2007




           (a) the classification of salaries, and

           (b) negotiation of terms and conditions of service for public servants
before the commencement of this Act, shall cease to be responsible for the classification
or negotiation twelve months after the commencement of this Act.

        (2) To be concerned with classification or negotiation means placement on pay
scales, adjustments to salaries and any other aspect connected to these.

Regulations

  30. (1) The Minister may, on the advice of the Board, by legislative instrument,
make Regulations

           (a) on the form of notice or other documentation required under this Act;

           (b) on grievance procedure; and

           (c) generally for the effective implementation of this Act.

Interpretation

   31. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires

“Commission” means the Commission established under section 1;

“Committee” means Grievance Review Committee;

“classification” means grouping jobs with the same content and value in the same
     class;

“critical skill” means performance in a job where personnel is in short supply

“enactment” means legislation made in accordance with the Constitution;

“Government” means any authority by which the executive authority of the country is
    exercised;

“Labour Commission” means the Commission established under the Labour Act, 2003
     (Act 651);




                                           166
                Fair Wages and Salaries Commission Act, 2007                  Act 737




“Minister” means Minister responsible for Employment;

“public agency” means a body set-up by the Government in the public interest with or
     without an Act of Parliament;

“public interest” includes a right or advantage which ensures to or is intended to entire
     the general benefit of the people of this country;

“public service” includes service in any civil office of Government, the emoluments
     attached to which are paid directly from public funds and service with a public
     corporation;

“public funds” means the Consolidated Fund, the Contingency Fund and other funds
     that may be established by or under an Act of Parliament;

“salary” includes allowances, and retiring benefits;

“wage” means money payable by an employer to an employee at intervals of less than
    a month in respect of service rendered;

Repeal

   32. The Public Services Commission Act, 1994 (Act 482) is amended in section 4 by
the repeal of paragraphs (h), (k) and (7).




                     Date of Gazette notification: 8th June, 2007.




                                          167
Foreign Exchange Act, 2006
         (Act 723)
Act 723                      Foreign Exchange Act, 2006


                              ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

                        Authority of Bank of Ghana and licensing

 1.   Authority of Bank of Ghana
 2.   Responsibility of Bank of Ghana
 3.   Requirement of licence
 4.   Application for a licence
 5.   Grant of licence
 6.   Refusal of licence
 7.   Conditions of licence
 8.   Register of licences
 9.   Non-transferability of licence
10.   Renewal of licence
11.   Suspension and revocation of licence
12.   Conditions for revocation of licence
13.   Notice of suspension, revocation or variation of licence
14.   Review and appeal

             Provisions related to the conduct of foreign exchange business

15. Foreign exchange business and international payments
16. Requirement of permission for the payment or transfer of foreign currency
17. Power of Bank of Ghana to regulate foreign exchange business and transfers between
    residents and non-residents.
18. Power of the Bank to impose restrictions on the importation or exportation of foreign
    exchange.
19. Conditions for carrying out the business of foreign exchange transfers.
20. Imposition of temporary restrictions

                              Enforcement and compliance

21.   Provision of information by banks
22.   Provision of information by persons
23.   Court orders and admissibility of evidence
24.   Search and seizure
25.   Notice
26.   Recovery or forfeiture
27.   Retention of seized property




                                           168
                             Foreign Exchange Act, 2006    Act 723

                                Miscellaneous provisions

28.   General prohibitions
29.   Offences
30.   General penalty
31.   Rules
32.   Regulations
33.   Interpretation
34.   Modification of existing enactments
35.   Repeals, savings and transitional provisions




                                           169
Act 723                    Foreign Exchange Act, 2006

                  THE SEVEN HUNDRED AND TWENTY-THIRD

                                       ACT
                 OF THE PARLIAMENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF GHANA
                                  ENTITLED
                         FOREIGN EXCHANGE ACT, 2006


AN ACT to provide for the exchange of foreign currency, for international payment
transactions and foreign exchange transfers; to regulate foreign exchange business
and to provide for related matters.

                    DATE OF ASSENT: 29th December, 2006.
ENACTED by the President and Parliament

                      Authority of Bank of Ghana and licensing

Authority of Bank of Ghana

   1. (1) The Bank of Ghana is the licensing, regulatory and supervisory authority to
give effect to this Act.

      (2) The Bank may require a person who is resident or who conducts business in
the country to

      (a)    furnish the Bank with details of part or the whole of that person, foreign
             exchange transactions; or

      (b)    provide returns in a form prescribed by the Bank accompanied with details
             of that person’s foreign exchange transactions.

Responsibility of Bank of Ghana

   2. (1) The Bank is responsible for the implementation of this Act.

      (2) The Bank may, delegate to a person or class of persons the exercise of any of
the powers conferred on the Bank under this Act, except the powers in section 20.

      (3) The Bank may by notice make rules, issue guidelines and manuals and request
information to ensure the effective implementation of this Act.




                                         170
                           Foreign Exchange Act, 2006                        Act 723

Requirement of licence

   3. (1) A person shall not engage in the business of dealing in foreign exchange
without a licence issued under this Act.

       (2) The Bank shall prescribe the banks or other corporate bodies or persons that
it considers competent to engage in the business of dealing in foreign exchange.

       (3) The Bank shall issue or renew a licence to engage in the business of dealing
in foreign exchange subject to conditions that the Bank shall determine from time to
time.

      (4) The business of dealing in foreign exchange includes the

      (a)    purchase and sale of foreign currency,

      (b)    receipt or payment of foreign currency,

      (c)    importation and exportation of foreign currency, and

      (d)    lending and borrowing of foreign currency.

Application for a licence

   4. (1) An application for a licence to engage in the business of dealing in foreign
exchange shall be made to the Bank

     (2) An application shall be made in the form prescribed by the Bank and
accompanied with information that the Bank may specify.

Grant of licence

   5. (1) The Bank shall grant a licence to the applicant within sixty days after the
receipt of the application, if it is satisfied that the applicant has

      (a)    satisfied the conditions required for a licence, and

      (b)    paid the prescribed licence fee.

      (2)    The licence may be used by the applicant to engage in the business of

      (a)    buying and selling bank notes, coins and traveller’s cheques in foreign
             currency,


                                         171
Act 723                     Foreign Exchange Act, 2006


      (b)     electronic units of payment, and

      (c)     any other activity that the Bank may determine.

       (3) The Bank shall cause to be published in the Gazette and any other news
media of national circulation that the Bank determines, the names of licencees and the
foreign exchange business for which licences have been granted.

      (4) A licence is valid for one year from the date of issue unless it is renewed.

Refusal of licence

    6. (1) Where the Bank refuses to grant a licence to an applicant, the Bank shall
inform the applicant in writing of its decision and the reasons for the decision within
three months after the receipt of the application.

      (2) A person whose application is refused may petition the Minister in writing.

       (3) The Minister shall refer the matter to a panel of three experts one of whom
shall be nominated by the Bank and the other two nominated by the Minister.

      (4) The panel shall prepare a report and submit it to the Minister for determination.

Conditions of licence

    7. (1) A licence to engage in the business of dealing in foreign exchange is subject
to the conditions specified in the licence.

       (2) Without limiting the power to suspend or revoke a licence, the Board may
vary a condition or restriction or at any time impose further conditions or restrictions in
respect of a licence that has been granted or renewed under this Act.

Register of licences

   8. The Bank shall keep and maintain a register of licences that contains details of
the licences granted, to monitor and regulate licensed dealers.
Non-transferability of licence

   9. (1) A person shall not transfer a licence granted by the Bank to another person.

       (2) A person who transfers a licence granted by the Bank commits an offence
and is liable on summary conviction to a fine of not less than five hundred penalty units
or to a term of imprisonment of not less than two years or to both.




                                           172
                            Foreign Exchange Act, 2006                           Act 723

Renewal of a licence

  10. (1) An application for the renewal of a licence shall be made to the Bank not later
than sixty days prior to the expiry of the licence and shall be made in the manner
determined by the Bank.

       (2) The Bank may extend the period of application for renewal of a licence for a
licensed dealer for a period of not more than three months to enable the licensed
dealer comply with directives of the Bank in pursuance of this Act.

       (3) The extension of the period of application for the renewal of a licence by a
licensed dealer shall be subject to the conditions that the Bank considers appropriate.


Suspension and revocation of licence

   11. (1) The Bank may suspend or revoke a licence issued under this Act where the
licensee has contravened the provisions of this Act or Regulations made under it.

       (2) The Bank may, suspend a licence for a specific period or determine conditions
or restrictions for the licence instead of revoking the licence.

Conditions for revocation of licence

  12. The Bank may revoke a licence on behalf of the Bank where the licensee

      (a)     fails to utilize the licence within ninety days after the date of issue of the
              licence;

      (b)     fails to disclose in the application for the grant, extension or renewal of a
              licence, material information known to the licensee or reasonably expected
              to have been known to the licensee;

      (c)     has provided material information for an application for a licence which is
              false in a material particular;

      (d)     has not complied with a directive issued under this Act;

      (e)     has since the issue of the licence, ceased to qualify for the licence;

      (f)     is found by the Bank to have engaged in malpractice or irregularity in the
              management of the business of dealing in foreign exchange; and




                                           173
Act 723                     Foreign Exchange Act, 2006

      (g)     is placed under liquidation, receivership or is adjudged bankrupt.

Notice of suspension or revocation or variation of licence

  13. (1) Where the Bank intends to suspend, revoke or vary a licence, the conditions
or restrictions of the licence, the Bank shall give the licensee

      (a)     fourteen days notice prior to the suspension, revocation or imposition of
              conditions or restrictions,

      (b)     reasons for the intention of the Bank to suspend, revoke or vary a licence,
              and

      (c)     an opportunity to make an oral or written representation to oppose the
              intended action of the Bank.

      (2) A licensee who receives a notice may make the representation within fourteen
working days from the date of receipt of the notice.

      (3) The Bank shall within thirty days after the representation take a decision
      on the representation and inform the licensee.

Review and appeal

  14. (1) A person aggrieved by

      (a)     a variation of a licence

      (b)     a rejection or refusal of the Bank to renew that person’s licence, or

     (c)    a suspension or revocation of a licence,
may submit a petition to the Bank for a review of its decision.

      (2) The Bank shall after receipt of the petition review its decision and respond to
the petition within thirty days.

       (3) A person who is dissatisfied with the decision of the Bank or with the failure
of the Bank to make a decision within thirty days, may appeal to the Court.




                                          174
                           Foreign Exchange Act, 2006                         Act 723

            Provisions related to the conduct of foreign exchange business

Foreign exchange business and international payments

  15. (1) Each payment in foreign currency, to or from Ghana between a resident and
a non resident, or between non residents, shall be made through a bank.

       (2) Without limiting subsection (1), payments for merchandise exports from Ghana
shall be made through the bank of the non-resident to the exporter’s bank in Ghana.

       (3) Each transfer of foreign exchange to or from Ghana shall be made through a
person licensed to carry out the business of money transfers or any other authorised
dealer.

      (4) An exporter who fails to repatriate proceeds from merchandise exports, through
an external bank, commits an offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine of
not more, than five thousand penalty units or to a term of imprisonment of not more
than ten years or to both.

Requirement of permission for the payment or transfer of foreign currency

  16. (1) Where the Bank has reason to believe that an offence in contravention of this
Act is likely to be committed or has been committed, the Bank may require a bank to
obtain the permission of the Bank prior to the execution of any payment under subsection
(1) of section 15.

      (2) The permission shall be granted solely on the basis of a determination by the
Bank that the payment is consistent with the laws of this country.

Power of the Bank to regulate foreign exchange business and transfers
between residents and non-residents

   17. (1) The Bank may, by notice, make rules to prescribe information required by the
Bank from a person licensed to carry out foreign exchange business or foreign exchange
transfers between residents and non-residents in connection with the conclusion of a
transaction that involves

      (a)     foreign currency,

      (b)     the maintenance of bank accounts within or outside Ghana, and

      (c)     the settlement of the payment by a resident or non-resident.




                                          175
Act 723                     Foreign Exchange Act, 2006

Power of the Bank to impose restrictions on the importation and exportation
of foreign exchange

  18. (1) The Bank may, by notice, make rules to impose restrictions on the importation
or exportation from Ghana of:

      (a)     bank notes,

      (b)     bank coins,

      (c)     travellers cheques,

      (d)     electronic units of payment, and

       (e)   securities
in the denomination of local currency or the currency of another country.

Conditions for carrying out the business of foreign exchange transfers.

  19. The Bank may, by notice, make rules to prescribe the conditions required to carry
out the business of foreign exchange transfers.

Imposition of temporary restrictions

  20. (1) Where the Governor determines that the country is experiencing or has
experienced a severe deterioration in its balance of payments that requires the temporary
imposition of exchange controls beyond measures provided for in sections 17,18 and
19, the Governor in consultation with the Minister may, by notice make rules to restrict

      (a)     payments between

              (i)    residents and non residents, or

              (ii)   non-residents;

      (b)     payments to or from the country;

      (c)     the acquisition, holding, and use in the country of foreign currency or
              traveller’s cheques by persons including residents; and

      (d)     the frequency at which the acts of purchase and sale of foreign exchange
              may be effected in the country.




                                          176
                            Foreign Exchange Act, 2006                         Act 723

      (2) The rules shall remain in force for a period of not more than three months.

      (3) Despite subsection (2) the Governor in consultation with the Minister may
extend the time frame designated for the operation of the rules for a period of not more
than three months and for any subsequent period that the Governor in consultation
With the Minister may determine.

      (4) The Bank shall within fourteen days after any rules are made cause to be
published in the Gazette, the reasons for the imposition of restrictions.

                             Enforcement and compliance
Provision of information by banks

  21. (1) The Bank shall, for purposes of supervision and monitoring, require a bank in
writing to submit to it any information or data that relates to

      (a)     the assets, liabilities, income and expenditure of that bank and

      (b)     any of that bank’s affairs in the prescribed form, at intervals and within
              the time frame that the Bank may stipulate.

      (2) A bank or any other authorised dealer which is required to submit information
or data shall comply with the requirement.

      (3) A bank or any other authorised dealer required by a direction to furnish
information which is stored in a computer or any other electronic media, shall in addition
produce books, accounts or other documents in that bank’s possession or control that
may be required by the Bank.

      (4) A bank or any other authorised dealer that refuses to furnish information or
produce books, accounts or other documents, commits an offence and is liable on
summary conviction to a fine of not less than five hundred penalty units or to a term of
imprisonment of not less than four years or to both.

Provision of information by persons

  22. (1) The Bank may, give directions in writing to require a person to furnish the
Bank, or a designated person with any information in that person’s possession or control
which the Bank or the designated person may require to secure compliance with or to
detect an offence in contravention of this Act.

      (2) The Bank may specify that the information be provided within a specific
period and in the prescribed form.


                                          177
Act 723                     Foreign Exchange Act, 2006

      (3) A person required to furnish information which is stored in a computer or any
other electronic media shall in addition produce books, accounts or other documents in
that person’s possession or control that may be required by the Bank or by the person
designated to require the information.

       (4) A person who fails to furnish the information or produce the document as
required, commits an offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine of not more
than five hundred penalty units or to a term of imprisonment of not more than four
years or to both.

Court orders and admissibility of evidence

  23. (1) A Court may in addition to a sanction imposed for an offence committed
under this Act, make an order for the offender to comply with the requirement to give
information or to produce a document within a specified period.

      (2) The piece of information or a document obtained in accordance with sections
21 and 22 is admissible in evidence for the prosecution of the person from whom it was
obtained.

Search and seizure

  24. (1) If the Court is satisfied by information given under oath by a person authorised
by the Bank to act for the purpose to determine

      (a)     that an offence under this Act has been or is being committed and that
              evidence of the commission of the offence has been found at the premises
              specified in the information or in the vehicle, vessel, aircraft or any other
              means of transport specified in the information, or

      (b)     that a document required to have been produced under sections 22 and
              23 and which has not been produced, may be found at the specified
              premises or in the specified vehicle, vessel or aircraft, the court may issue
              a search warrant authorising a police officer or an officer of the Customs,
              Excise and Preventive Service or the Immigration Service together with
              any other person indicated in the warrant, to enter at any time within one
              month from the date the warrant was issued

      (c)     the premises specified in the information, or

      (d)     any premises upon which the vehicle, vessel or aircraft may be as specified
              in the information.



                                           178
                            Foreign Exchange Act, 2006                         Act 723

       (2) A person authorised by the warrant to search premises or the vehicle, vessel
or aircraft, may

      (a)     search any person who is found in, or who the authorised person has a
              reasonable ground to believe has recently left or is about to enter, the
              premises or the vehicle, vessel or aircraft,

      (b)     seize

              (i)     property found on that person or on the premises or in the vehicle,
                      vessel or aircraft, which the authorised person has reasonable
                      ground to believe to have been used in connection with the
                      commission or to be evidence of an offence under this Act; or.

              (ii)    any document which the authorised person has reasonable ground
                      to believe should have been produced as required by sections 21
                      (3) and 22 (2).

      (3) An authorised person may use reasonable force to exercise a power mandated
by a warrant.

      (4) Where there is a reasonable ground to suspect that a person has committed
an offence under this Act, a police officer or an officer of the Customs, Excise and
Preventive Service or the Immigration Service shall seize any property in that person’s
possession or control which appears to that police officer or that officer of the Customs,
Excise and Preventive Service or officer of the Immigration Service to be

      (a)     relevant evidence, or

      (b)     to have been used in connection with the commission of an offence in
              contravention of this Act.

       (5) Where moneys are seized, the seizing authorities shall deposit the money
with the Bank by the next working day.

Notice

  25. (1) Where property has been seized as a result of a search, the person who
effected the seizure shall, within one month after the seizure, give notice in writing of
the seizure and the reasons for the seizure to the owner of the property.

      (2) The requirement of notice is not applicable where




                                          179
Act 723                     Foreign Exchange Act, 2006

      (a)     the property was seized in the presence of the owner,

      (b)     the owner of the property cannot be identified, or

      (c)     within one month after the seizure, a person is charged with the offence
              for which the property has been seized.

      (3) Where property has come into the possession of a prescribed authority and a
period of one month has lapsed from

      (a)     the date of seizure, or

      (b)    the date of notice of the seizure if the notice has been given,
the property shall, by order of Court, be forfeited to the Republic unless, within that
period, the owner has claimed the property by giving notice of the claim in writing to
the Bank.

       (4) Where the Bank has received a notice of claim and a period of three months
has elapsed from the date of receipt of the notice, the property shall be released to the
owner unless, within that period, the Republic has instituted proceedings in a Court for
the forfeiture of the property.

Recovery or forfeiture

  26. (1) Where proceedings for the recovery or forfeiture of property have been
instituted in a Court, the Court may order the property to be forfeited to the Republic if
the Court finds that the property was used in connection with the commission of an
offence under this Act.

       (2) Where property has come into the possession of a prescribed authority, whether
as a consequence of the seizure of the property or otherwise, the liability of the property
to forfeiture shall not be affected by the fact that the owner of the property was not
connected in any way which rendered the property liable to forfeiture.

Retention of seized property

   27. (1) Despite the other provisions of this Act, where property has come into the
possession of a prescribed authority, whether in consequence of the seizure of the
property or otherwise, and the prescribed authority is satisfied that there is a reasonable
ground to suspect the property to be evidence of the commission of an offence under
this Act, the prescribed authority may retain the property for a period of twelve months
from the date it came into the prescribed authority’s possession.



                                           180
                            Foreign Exchange Act, 2006                          Act 723

       (2) If a person is within the twelve months period prosecuted for an offence
under this Act and the property is or can be properly adduced in evidence, the property
shall be retained by the prescribed authority until the prosecution has been determined.

      (3) A prescribed authority is a person to whom power of the Bank is delegated,
or on whom a function is conferred by this Act, including a police officer or an officer of
the Customs, Excise and Preventive Service.

      (4) The powers conferred by this section in relation to property shall be in addition
to and not in derogation from, any power otherwise exercisable in relation to that
property.
                              Miscellaneous provisions

General prohibitions

  28. (1) A person shall not

      (a)     destroy, mutilate, deface or remove a document,

      (b)     make a declaration which is false in a material particular,

      (c)     in furnishing information for the purpose of this Act, make a statement
              which that person knows to be false in a material particular, or recklessly
              make a statement which is false in a material particular,

      (d)     counterfeit or in any way falsify a document, or knowingly use a document
              which is counterfeit or false, or

      (e)    obstruct a person in the exercise of a power conferred on that person by
             or under this Act
with the intention to contravene a provision of this Act.

       (2) A person who fails to comply with subsection (1), commits an offence and is
liable on summary conviction to a fine of not more than five hundred penalty units or a
term of imprisonment of not more than four years or both.

Offences

  29. (1) A person who

      (a)     engages in the business of dealing in foreign exchange without a licence
              issued under section 5(1);

      (b)     contravenes or fails to comply with a restriction imposed under Section 6;
              or


                                           181
Act 723                     Foreign Exchange Act, 2006

        (c) contravenes or fails to comply with any of the terms or conditions required
            to carry out the business of foreign exchange transfers
commits an offence and is liable, on summary conviction, to a fine of not more than
seven hundred penalty units or a term of imprisonment of not more than eighteen
months or both.

      (2) Where a person is convicted of an offence under subsection (1), and the
offence is connected to property, the court shall order that the property be forfeited to
the Republic.

      (3) Where an offence is committed under this Act or under Regulations made
under this Act by a body of persons

        (a)   in the case of a body corporate, other than a partnership, each director or
              an officer of the body shall also be considered to have committed the
              offence; and

        (b)   in the case of a partnership, each partner or officer of that body shall be
              considered to have committed that offence.

      (4) A person shall not be considered to have committed the offence under
subsection (3), if the person proves that the offence was committed without the person’s
knowledge or connivance and that the person exercised due care and diligence to
prevent the commission of the offence having regard to all the circumstances.

General penalty

   30. (1) A person who commits an offence for which a penalty has not been provided
is liable on summary conviction to a fine of not more than five hundred penalty units or
a term of imprisonment of not more than four years or both.

Rules

  31. The Bank may by notice make Rules as prescribed in this Act.

Regulations

  32. (1) The Minister may, by legislative instrument, make Regulations to

        (a)   provide for forms of applications and licences to be made or issued under
              this Act;

        (b)   prescribe the banks, and corporate persons and bodies competent to
              engage in the business of dealing in foreign exchange;


                                          182
                           Foreign Exchange Act, 2006                         Act 723

      (c)     prescribe the conditions required to carry out the business of foreign
              exchange transfers;

      (d)     prescribe information required by the Bank in respect of foreign exchange
              business or foreign exchange transfers between residents and non-
              residents;

      (e)     prescribe restrictions for the importation and exportation of foreign
              exchange;

      (f)     prescribe restrictions for the temporary imposition of exchange controls;
              and

      (g)     provide for any other matter necessary for the effective implementation
              of the provisions of this Act.

      (2) Despite the Statutory Instruments Act 1959 (No.52) the penalty for the
contravention of Regulations, shall be a fine of not more than two thousand, five hundred
penalty units.

Interpretation

  33. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires-

      “account” means a facility or an arrangement by which a financial institution
does any one or more of the following:

      (a)     accepts deposits of currency;

      (b)     allows withdrawals of currency or transfers into or out of the account,

      (c)     pays cheques or payment orders drawn on a financial institution or cash
              dealer or collects cheques or payment orders on behalf of a person, and

      (d)     supplies a facility or an arrangement for a safe deposit box;

      “authorised person” means an officer of the Customs, Excise and Preventive
Service and any other person indicated in a warrant; “Bank” means Bank of Ghana.

      “bank” means any other bank other than the Bank of Ghana; “Court” means
court of competent jurisdiction; “currency” means




                                          183
Act 723                     Foreign Exchange Act, 2006

      (a)     coins, money or notes of the Republic or of another country that is
              designated as legal tender and that circulates as and is customarily used
              and accepted as a medium of exchange in the country of issue,

      (b)      ‘travellers cheques’ , or other financial instruments denominated in the
              currency of Ghana or in foreign currency,

      (c)     any right to receive coins or notes in respect of a credit or balance with a
              financial institution or a non resident;

      “financial institution” means a licensed bank or other institution which carries on
any form of financial business and that is specified as a financial institution by the Bank
of Ghana;

       “foreign currency” means a currency other than the legal tender of Ghana and
includes travellers cheques and the right to receive foreign currency in respect of any
credit or balance with a licensed bank or non-resident;

      “foreign exchange” means

      (a)     banknotes, coins or electronic units of payment in a currency other than
              the currency of Ghana which is, or has been legal tender outside Ghana;

      (b)     financial instruments denominated in foreign currency; and includes a
              right to receive those banknotes or coins in respect of any balance at a
              financial institution located within or outside Ghana;

      “foreign exchange business” means the business of buying, selling, borrowing,
lending, receiving or paying foreign exchange;

      “Governor” means the Governor of the Bank of Ghana;

      “licensed dealer” means a person issued with a licence under this Act;

       “local currency’ means banknotes and coins issued by the Bank of Ghana and
includes the right to receive the banknotes or coins in respect of a balance at a financial
institution located within or outside Ghana;

      “material particular’ means of a substantial degree;

     “Minister” means the Minister for Finance and Economic Planning; “non-resident”
means a person other than a resident of the country; “notice” means publication in the
mass media;


                                           184
                           Foreign Exchange Act, 2006                         Act 723

      “payment” means a transfer of foreign exchange made for the purpose of

      (a)    discharging a liability or acquiring an asset,

      (b)    creating a balance at a financial institution that can be drawn upon, or

      (c)    making a gift or a donation;

      “person” includes a company or an association or body of persons corporate or
unincorporated;

      “prescribed authority” includes a court, a person on whom official functions are
conferred by or under this Act, a police officer, an officer of the Customs, Excise and
Preventive Service, other than an officer, a security agency of the Government or a
person authorised by a security agency;

      “resident” means-

      (a)    a person who has been ordinarily resident in Ghana for one year or more,

      (b)    the government of Ghana and any of its diplomatic representatives located
             outside Ghana,

      (c)    a company, firm or enterprise with the principal place of business or centre
             of control and management located in Ghana,

      (d)    a branch of a company, firm or other enterprise with the principal place of
             business located outside Ghana, and
      (e)    a corporation, firm or enterprise incorporated in Ghana; and excludes a
             foreign diplomatic representative or an accredited official of that
             representation located within Ghana, an office of an organisation
             established by international treaty located within Ghana, or a branch of a
             company, firm or enterprise with Ghana the principal place of business
             located in Ghana;

       “travellers cheque” means an instrument issued by a bank or similar institution
which is intended to enable the person to whom it is issued to obtain bank notes or
coins in the currency of Ghana or in a foreign currency from another person on the
credit of the issuer.

      “transaction” means the record of a financial business or conduct.




                                          185
Act 723                     Foreign Exchange Act, 2006

Modification of existing enactments

  34. The provisions of an enactment of relevance to this Act and in force at the
commencement of this Act, shall have effect subject to the modifications necessary to
give effect to this Act and to the extent that the provisions of an enactment are
inconsistent with this Act, the provisions of this Act shall prevail.

Repeal, savings and transitional provisions

  35. (1) The following enactments are hereby repealed and revoked;

       (a)    The Exchange Control Act, 1961 (Act 71);

      (b)     Exchange Control (Amendment) Decree 1973 (NRCD 220);

      (c)     Exchange Control (Amendment) Decree 1977 (SMCD 99);

      (d)     Exchange Control (Amendment) Law, 1986 (PNDCL 149); and

      (e)     Exchange Control Regulations, 1961 (L.I. 133).

       (2) Despite the repeal, of the enactments in subsection (1), a statutory instrument
notice, order, direction rules or any other act lawfully made or done under the repealed
enactments and in force immediately before the commencement of this Act shall be
considered to have been made or done under this Act and shall continue to have effect
until reviewed, cancelled or terminated.

                  Date of Gazette notification: 29th December, 2006.




                                          186
Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008
          (Act 770)
                         Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008    Act 770




                              ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS
Section
                                        Application
 1. Application
 2. Application of the Mortgages Act, 1972 (NRCD 96)
 3. Security for loan

                               Requirements for mortgage

 4.   Mortgage to be evidenced in writing
 5.   Disclosure
 6.   Use of loan
 7.   Stamping and registration
 8.   Insurance
 9.   Rates
10.   Mortgagor’s right to transfer restricted

                                   Default and remedies

11.   Default in payment
12.   Mortgagee’s remedies on default
13.   Mortgagee’s right to possession
14.   Appointment of receiver on default
15.   Duties of a receiver
16.   Remuneration of a receiver
17.   Obstruction of a receiver
18.   Valuation of mortgaged property
19.   Reserved price of mortgaged property
20.   Sale of mortgaged property on default
21.   Purchaser’s right in the sale of mortgaged property
22.   Proceeds from sale of mortgaged property
                                       Miscellaneous
23.   Offences by bodies of persons
24.   Action by motion on notice
25.   Regulations
26.   Interpretation
27.   Repeals

                                       SCHEDULES



                                            187
Act 770                 Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008




                       THE SEVEN HUNDRED AND SEVENTIETH


                                        ACT
                 OF THE PARLIAMENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF GHANA

                                       ENTITLED

                     HOME MORTGAGE FINANCE ACT, 2008

AN ACT to regulate home mortgage financing and for related matters.

                        DATE OF ASSENT: 11th December 2008.

                      ENACTED by the President and Parliament:

                                       Application
Application

      1. This Act applies to transactions between financial institutions and their custom-
ers for the provision of finance for

           (a) the construction or purchase of a residential property,

           (b) the completion of a residential property;

           (c) extension to or renovation of a residential property;

           (d) improvement to a residential property for ownership, sale or rental;

           (e) construction of residential properties for sale or rental; or

           (f) purchase of fixtures and chattels related to residential properties.

Application of the Mortgages Act, 1972 (NRCD 96)

    2. (1) This Act is in addition to the Mortgages Act,1972 (NRCD 96) and does not
derogate from the provisions of that Act, except as otherwise provided in this Act.

       (2) Where there is an inconsistency between the Mortgages Act and this Act,
the provisions of this Act shall prevail.



                                           188
                        Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008                       Act 770




Security for loan

    3. Where a financial institution grants a loan, security for the loan shall include a
mortgage over the property for which the loan is granted and the title deeds duly
stamped and registered deposited with the mortgagee.

                               Requirement for mortgage

Mortgage to be evidenced in writing

      4. (1) A mortgage is not enforceable unless it is evidenced in writing and provides
for the

           (a) name and address of the mortgagor and mortgagee;

           (b) full description of the mortgaged property;

           (c) names of persons whose consent is required; if any

           (d) date of creation of the Mortgage;

           (e) root of title of the mortgagor;

           (f) nature of the mortgagor’s interest in the mortgaged property;

           (g) extent to which the mortgagor’s interest is subject to the mortgage;

           (h) nature of the charge created, in case of a floating charge, the nature of
               the restriction on the power of the mortgagor to grant further charges
               that rank in priority or at the same level with the charge created;

           (i)   amount of the loan;

           (j) acknowledgement of receipt of the loan by the mortgagor;

           (k) right to redeem;

           (l)   insurance policy related to the property;

           (m) interest on the principal amount;

           (n) due date for payment;




                                           189
Act 770                 Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008




           (o) terms and conditions for renewal;

           (p) covenants and conditions;

           (q) events of default;

           (r) signatures of the mortgagor and mortgagee; and

           (s) signatures of witnesses.

     (2) Despite subsection (1), a mortgage agreement is enforceable with regard to
form and expression if it is in the form contained in the First Schedule or in similar form
or uses expressions of a similar effect.

Disclosure

      5. (1) A financial institution shall, at least fourteen days before the disbursement
of a loan to the mortgagor, disclose all relevant information in writing to the Mortgagor
in accordance with the relevant sections of Borrowers and Lenders Act.

       (2) A mortgagor shall acknowledge receipt of the information in writing within
seven days.

        (3) A financial institution shall provide a mortgagor a minimum period of four-
teen days after the date of receipt of the application from the mortgagor to the day of
the disbursement of the loan and execution of the mortgage agreement to enable the
mortgagor seek legal and financial advice on the documents related to the loan.

       (4) A financial institution which contravenes this section is liable to the mort-
gagor for
          (a) actual damages the mortgagor sustains as a result of the contraven-
               tion; and

           (b) any court costs and legal fees.

        (5) Without limiting subsection (4), a mortgagee who fails to comply with this
section is liable to a fine of not more than one thousand penalty units.

        (6) A financial institution is not liable under subsection (4) if on discovery of an
error made in a disclosure, it notifies the mortgagor of the error and makes the neces-
sary adjustments to the mortgagor’s account within sixty days after the discovery of
the error.



                                           190
                       Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008                       Act 770




      (7) The Bank of Ghana shall issue notices as it considers necessary for the effec-
tive implementation of this section.

Use of loan

     6. (1) A person who obtains a loan under this Act shall not use the whole or part
of the loan for a purpose other than the purpose for which the loan was obtained.

       (2) A person who contravenes subsection (1) is liable to pay the whole of the
outstanding amount forthwith.

Stamping and registration

    7. (1) A person who obtains a loan under this Act shall stamp and register the title
deeds and mortgage deeds related to the property for which the loan was obtained and
deposit them with the financial institution.

       (2) Without limiting

          (a) section 12 of the Stamp Duty Act, 2005 (Act 689) on stamping of
              instruments after execution,

          (b) section 24 of the Land Registry Act, 1962 (Act 122) on registration
              necessary for validity, and

          (c) section 72 of the Land Title Registration Act, 1986 (P.N.D.C.L. 152) on
              form and effect of mortgages, an unstamped or an unregistered
              mortgage made under this Act is valid only between the original parties
              to the mortgage.

Insurance

     8. (1) A mortgagor or mortgagee shall insure a mortgaged property against loss
or damage by theft, fire, earthquake or other natural disaster.

       (2) Where the mortgagor covenants to insure all or part of the mortgaged
property and fails to do so, the mortgagee may insure and keep insured the mortgaged
property after giving notice in writing to the mortgagor and the premiums paid by the
mortgagee for the insurance shall be secured with the same priority as the mortgage.

       (3) Unless a contrary intention appears expressly or by necessary implication,
where the mortgagee secures payment of money on behalf of the mortgagor, the



                                          191
Act 770                Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008




money shall be added to the principal sum with interest at the same rate as on the
principal sum.

         (4) Unless a contrary intention appears expressly or by necessary implication,
where the mortgagor covenants to insure all or part of the mortgaged property and the
insurance has been effected by the mortgagor or on behalf of the mortgagor by the
mortgagee, the money received from insurance shall be applied to make good the loss
or damage for which the money is received unless the mortgagor elects to apply all or
part of the money toward the performance of the act or acts secured by the mortgage.

Rates

     9. (1) Despite the mortgage of property, a mortgagor shall pay property rates on
the mortgaged property.

       (2) Where a mortgagor fails to pay property rates due in respect of the mort-
gaged property, the mortgagee may pay the rates and money paid is secured with the
same priority as the mortgage and is added to the principal sum with interest at the
same rate as on the principal sum.

Transfer of interest or creation of further charges

   10. (1) A mortgagor shall not

          (a) transfer an interest, or

          (b) create further charges or interests
in the mortgaged property without the prior written consent of the mortgagee.

       (2) A mortgagee shall not unreasonably withhold the consent required under
subsection (1).

                                Default and remedies

Default in payment

    11. (1) Where a mortgagor fails to make an instalment payment within fourteen
days after the due date for the payment, the mortgagee shall notify the mortgagor in
writing of this fact and request the mortgagor to take urgent steps to pay the amount
due as agreed by the parties.

        (2) Where the mortgagor fails to make the payment and defaults in the pay-



                                         192
                        Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008                       Act 770




ment of the monthly instalment immediately following, the mortgagee shall issue a
demand note in the form in the Second Schedule to the mortgagor and request for the
immediate payment of the aggregate or total outstanding arrears.

       (3) The mortgagee may deliver the notice and the demand note to the address
provided by the mortgagor

           (a) by hand and receipt acknowledged in writing by the mortgagor;

           (b) through a person apparently above the age of eighteen years at the
               mortgagor’s address and receipt acknowledged in writing by that person;
               or

           (c) by registered mail or by courier.

        (4) In the case of a body corporate or a partnership, the mortgagee may deliver
the notice or note to the registered or principal place of business and receipt of the
notice or note shall be acknowledged in writing by an officer of the company or
partnership.

        (5) Where a note is delivered by registered mail or courier service, the demand
note is considered to have been received by the mortgagor at the time at which the
note would have been delivered in the ordinary course of post or the courier service.

        (6) Where a settlement of the arrears is not made and the mortgagor has not
made a satisfactory arrangement with the mortgagee for the settlement of the
outstanding amount after the date of issue of the demand note, the mortgagor is
considered to be in default as soon as the third succeeding month’s instalment also falls
into arrears.

Mortgagee’s remedies on default

  12. Where a mortgagor fails to perform an act secured by the mortgage, the
mortgagee may

           (a) sue the mortgagor on any personal covenant to perform; or

           (b) realise the security in the mortgaged property or by any of the processes
               provided under this Act.

Mortgagee’s right to possession

   13. (1) Where a mortgagor fails to perform an act secured by the mortgage, the



                                          193
Act 770                 Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008




mortgagee is entitled to possession of the mortgaged property as against the mortgagor
and any person who has an interest in the mortgaged property through the mortgagor
and whose interest is subsequent to that of the mortgagee.

       (2) In the exercise of the right of possession, the mortgagee is not obliged to
take court proceedings and may take possession peaceably.

       (3) Where a mortgagee is unable to enforce a right of possession in a peaceable
manner the mortgagee may use the services of the police to evict the mortgagor or
other person in possession pursuant to a warrant issued by a court.

Appointment of receiver on default

  14. (1) Where a mortgagor fails to perform an act secured by a mortgage, the
mortgagee may appoint a receiver to manage the mortgaged property.

        (2) In the exercise of a right of appointment of a receiver, the mortgagee is not
obliged to take court proceedings.

       (3) The receiver is the agent of the mortgagee.

        (4) The mortgagee may revoke the appointment of the receiver in writing to
the receiver.

Duties of a receiver

   15. (1) The receiver may take possession of the mortgaged property in the manner
specified in this Act.

       (2) The receiver

           (a) may collect by demand or take action in the name of the mortgagor or
               mortgagee for the income including arrears which accrue from the
               mortgaged property,

           (b) shall give valid receipts for income collected, and

           (c) may take any action that is necessary to manage the property.

       (3) The receiver may make reasonable repairs and improvements to the property
to




                                          194
                       Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008                      Act 770




          (a) protect its value, or

          (b) maintain or increase the income from the property.

       (4) The mortgagee may direct the receiver in writing to insure the mortgaged
property and remedy any defects of insurable nature in the mortgage to the extent, if
any, which the mortgagor ought to have insured and kept insured.

       (5) The receiver shall apply money received to
          (a) discharge rents, taxes, rates and other outgoings that affect the
              mortgaged property;

          (b) pay sums or interest on the principal sums that are due and have priority
              to the mortgage;

          (c) pay the commission and the premium to be paid in accordance with the
              mortgage and cost of necessary repairs;

          (d) pay the interest accruing in respect of the principal money due under
              the mortgage;

           (e) discharge the principal amount due under the mortgage as determined
and pay the residue if any, or the money received to the person who but for the
possession of the receiver would have been entitled to receive the income for which
the receiver is appointed or who is otherwise entitled to the mortgaged property.

Remuneration of a receiver

   16. (1) A receiver is entitled to retain a commission at a rate

          (a) of not more than five per centum of the gross amount of money re-
              ceived as specified in the letter of appointment, and

           (b) where no rate is specified, then at the rate of two and a half per
               centum of the gross amount;
out of the money received, for the receiver’s remuneration and in satisfaction of the
costs, charges and expenses incurred as receiver.

Obstruction of receiver

   17. (1) A person shall not obstruct a receiver in the discharge of duties under this
Act.



                                         195
Act 770                 Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008




     (2) A person who obstructs a receiver commits an offence and is liable on
summary conviction

           (a) to a fine of not more than two hundred penalty units or to a term of
               imprisonment of not more than twelve months or to both, and

           (b) in the case of a continuing offence, to a further fine of not more than
               ten penalty units for each day on which the offence continues.

Valuation of mortgaged property

   18. (1) Where a mortgagee intends to sell a mortgaged property, the mortgagor
and mortgagee shall cause the property to be valued by a certified valuer agreed on by
them.
       (2) Where the mortgagor and mortgagee fail to agree on a certified valuer, the
mortgagee shall appoint a valuer.

        (3) Where there is a dispute over the value of the mortgaged property the party
disputing the value shall apply to the Ghana Institution of Surveyors to appoint an
independent valuer.

         (4) The decision of the valuer appointed by the Ghana Institution of Surveyors
is final as to the value.

Reserved price of mortgaged property

   19. (1) A mortgagee shall not sell a mortgaged property for less than eighty-five
per cent of the appraised market value of the property.

        (2) Where there is no sale at eighty five per cent of the appraised market value
after two attempts at sale, the property may be sold at a price less than eighty-five per
cent of the appraised market value.

Sale of mortgaged property on default

   20. (1) Where a mortgagor fails to carry on an act or acts secured by the mortgage,
the mortgagee may sell the mortgaged property.

       (2) A mortgagee may exercise the right of sale without recourse to court.

       (3) The sale of mortgaged property may be by public auction o private contract.




                                          196
                        Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008                          Act 770




        (4) Where a sale is conducted by a public auction, the Auction Sales Act, 1989
(P.N.D.C.L. 230) shall apply except that the Auctioneer’s fees shall not exceed three per
centum of the gross amount realised from the sale.

        (5) Except where a sale is conducted by public auction, a mortgagee who intends
to exercise the power of sale shall give fourteen days notice of the sale to the mortgagor
and each person of whom the mortgagee has notice to have an interest in the property.

        (6) The notice required is considered to be served on the interested persons if
published in a public local newspaper on the seventh and fourteenth day before the
date of the sale.

         (7) A mortgagee is liable for loss caused by a sale carried out in contravention
of this Act.

      (8) A mortgagor or a person who has an interest in the mortgaged property
may purchase the property at the sale subject to the conditions in subsection (3).

Purchaser’s interest in the sale of mortgaged property

    21. (1) A mortgagee at whose instance sale is made shall not purchase the mort-
gaged property except where the sale is carried out at a public auction or subject to the
approval of the mortgagor and all the persons known to the mortgagee to have an
interest in the property where the sale is carried out by private contract.

       (2) A mortgagee who exercises a right of sale may convey to the purchaser the
whole of the mortgagor’s interest in the mortgaged property.

        (3) A purchaser of a mortgaged property shall take

           (a) title to the mortgaged property free of interests to which the mortgagee
               who requested the sale has priority but subject to interests which have
               priority to that mortgage, and

           (b) title documents related to the mortgaged property other than title
               documents held by a person with an interest of priority to the mortgage
               of the mortgagee who requested the sale.

        (4) Without limiting the provisions of section 24 of the Lands Registry Act 1962,
(Act 122) and the provisions of Part IV of the Land Title Registration Act, 1986 (P.N.D.C.L.
152)




                                           197
Act 770                Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008




          (a) a certificate of purchase executed by the mortgagor, the auctioneer and
              the purchaser pursuant to an auction sale of the mortgaged property;
              or

          (b) where the sale is by private contract, a statutory declaration by a
              mortgagee as proof of a mortgage, default by the mortgagor under the
              terms and conditions of the mortgage and a sale of the mortgaged
              property pursuant to the default is sufficient to establish the title of the
              purchaser to the mortgaged property and for registration under the
              Land Title Registration Act, 1986 (P.N.D.C.L. 152) or the Lands Registry
              Act, 1962 (Act 122).

Proceeds from sale of mortgaged property

    22. (1) The proceeds from a sale of mortgaged property shall be held in trust for
distribution by the mortgagee who caused the sale.

       (2) Proceeds from the sale shall be used

          (a) first in payment of expenses properly incurred as incidental to the sale
              or any prior attempted sale,

          (b) secondly in payment of the sums secured by the mortgage or with the
              same priority as the mortgage, and

          (c) thirdly in payment in the order of priority of any encumbrances
              subsequent to that of the mortgagee who requested the sale.

       (3) The residue of the amount shall be paid to the mortgagor or the mortgagor’s
successor in interest.

        (4) A mortgagee on whom a right of trustee of sale is conferred by this section
is not a mortgagor in respect of that right.

                                    Miscellaneous

Offences by bodies of persons

   23. (1) Where an offence under this Act or under any rules made under this Act is
committed by a body of persons,

          (a) in the case of a body corporate, each director and officer of the body


                                          198
                        Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008                       Act 770




               corporate is considered to have committed the offence; and

           (b) in the case of a partnership, each partner or officer of the body is
               considered to have committed the offence.

        (2) Despite subsection (1), a person is not liable if that person proves that the
offence was committed without that person’s knowledge or that the person exercised
due diligence to prevent the commission of the offence having regard to the circum-
stances.

Action by motion on notice

    24. Except as otherwise provided in this Act, an action brought under this Act shall
be by motion on notice under order 19 of the High Court (Civil Procedure) Rules 2004
(C. 1. 47).

Regulations

   25. The Minister may, by legislative instrument, make regulations on

           (a) matters to be disclosed,

           (b) the contents of a statutory declaration required under this Act,

           (c) sale of mortgaged property on default, and

           (d) generally for the effective implementation of this Act.

Interpretation

   26. In this Act unless the context otherwise requires:

          “Annual percentage rate (APR)” means the total cost of credit that the
              mortgagor pays, expressed as a simple annual percentage;

          “certified valuer” means a member of the Ghana Institution of Surveyors who
                is in good standing;

          “demand note” means a notice to the mortgagor for the demand of the arrears
              due;

          “estimate” means a sum total of anticipated costs that will be borne by the
               mortgagor in the mortgage transaction;



                                          199
Act 770                 Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008




          “financial institution” includes a bank and non-bank entity licensed by the
               Bank of Ghana to carry on the business of banking;

          “floating charge” means an equitable charge over the whole or specified part
                of the company’s undertaking and assets both present and future;

          “guidelines” means instructions drawn up in furtherance of this Act or
               regulations made pursuant to this Act;

          “loan” includes any credit or other financial assistance granted by a financial
               institution;

          “mortgage” means an encumbrance on the property charged;

          “mortgage agreement” means an agreement between a Mortgagor and a
               mortgagee which grants the mortgagee a charge over the mortgaged
               property as security for the loan which sets out the terms and condition
               of the loan;
          “Mortgages Act” means the Mortgages Act, 1972 (NRCD 96);

          “mortgagor” includes a person who has taken a loan and any person who
              derives title through the original mortgagor or entitled to redeem a
              mortgage according to an interest in the mortgaged property.

          “mortgagee” includes an institution that grants loans for the purpose specified
              in section 1 and any person who derives title through the original
              mortgagee;

          “purchaser” includes a person who buys property in good faith for valuable
               consideration, a lessee or mortgagor.

Repeals

   27. (1) The Home Mortgage Finance Act, 1993 (P.N.D.C.L. 329) is repealed.

        (2) The National Mortgage Financing and Guarantee Scheme Act, 1976 (S.M.C.D.
23) is repealed.

         (3) Despite sub sections (1) and (2), regulations, orders, directions, notifica-
tions, exemptions, approvals, decisions and other executive or administrative acts made,
given or done under the repealed Acts shall upon commencement of this Act continue
in force until amended or repealed in accordance with this Act.


                                          200
                           Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008                               Act 770




                                          SCHEDULES

                                      FIRST SCHEDULE

                                     (Section 4(2))
                              Form of Mortgage Agreement

This Mortgage is made the............................... day of.................................. Two
Thousand and.................... (20...) BETWEEN [Name and Address of Mortgagor]
(hereinafter referred to as the “Mortgagor” which expression shall where the context
so admits or requires include the personal representatives successors and assigns of
the mortgagor) of the one part

                                               AND

[Name of Bank/Financial Institution] a limited liability company incorporated under the
laws of Ghana and having its registered office situate [address] (hereinafter referred to
as the Mortgagee”) of the other part.

WHEREAS:

[Recitals]
     * Root of Title
     * Person(s) whose consent and/or concurrence is required.
     * Mortgagor’s need for the loan and
     * Mortgagees willingness to grant the Loan

1. Consideration and personal covenant to pay

     In consideration of the loan of [amount] granted to the Mortgagor by the Mortgagee
(receipt of which the Mortgagor acknowledges), the mortgagor covenants with the
mortgagee to duly and punctually repay the said loan together with interest at
[percentage of interest]% within [term of loan] and [additional charges under disclosure
requirements] [according to the payment schedule in the second schedule.

2.   Mortgage

     The Mortgagor as beneficial owner hereby mortgages the [description of property]
which property is particularly described in the first schedules hereto (hereinafter referred
to as the “Property”) together with all fittings and fixtures attached thereto now or to
be attached hereafter to the Mortgagee to secure the repayment of the loan, interest
and other money hereby covenanted to be paid by the Mortgagor.


                                                201
Act 770                Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008




3. Payment of principal, interests and other costs

     1. The Mortgagor covenants with the Mortgagee to repay the loan as follows:

          (a) at the interest rate in [no. of instalments] equal monthly instalments
              of.................... [amount] each within [term of loan] years, the first
              instalment to be made on.......... [date] and the subsequent payments
              to be made not later than the first day of each month in arrears.

          (b) In the event of a delay on the payment of any installment, the delayed
              instalment shall attract an interest of [ ]% per annum.

      2. Where a mortgagor makes a payment over and above the required monthly
installment, that payment would be treated as an advance payment and applied to
future repayments of any payments payable under this agreement unless the Mort-
gagor indicates that the extra amount should be regarded as a prepayment.

     3. Where the Mortgagor makes a prepayment of [ ] 1% or more of the Loan at
any time during the mortgage, that prepayment shall attract a penalty of [ ] of the
amount prepaid.

     4. In the event of prepayment, the monthly instalment of the Loan shall be adjusted
accordingly to take effect from the second month following the month in which the
prepayment was made.

     5. The Mortgagor shall pay an estimated Annual Percentage Rate of [             ] in
addition to the principal payable [mode of payment]

     6. The Mortgagor shall pay the additional charges provided in the Second Sched-
ule as good faith estimates of the charges, fees and costs of this mortgage agreement.

4. Insurance

      (1) The Mortgagor shall insure and keep insured, at the mortgagor’s own expense
during the subsistence of this mortgage, the property together with all fittings and
fixtures attached thereto now or to be attached hereafter, against loss or damage, with
a reputable insurance company to be mutually agreed on between the parties, [in the
names of both the Mortgagor and the Mortgagee.

     (2) The Mortgagor is required to pay yearly insurance premiums in full prior to the
commencement of the Mortgage and thereafter not later than fourteen days before the
expiry of such insurance cover.



                                          202
                        Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008                          Act 770




     (3) The Mortgagor shall duly and punctually pay all premiums and money neces-
sary for effecting and maintaining that insurance and deposit evidence of such pay-
ments with the Mortgagee.

     (4) A mortgagor shall at any time at the request of the Mortgagee produce the
insurance policy and the premium payment receipts for the inspection of the Mort-
gagee or its duly authorised agents.

5. Where the Mortgagor fails to insure all or any part of the property in accordance
with this Agreement, the Mortgagee is entitled to insure and keep insured the mort-
gaged property.

6. Where premiums are paid by the Mortgagee on behalf of the Mortgagor under of
this Agreement the premiums shall attract an annual interest rate of [       ] % and a
default interest [ ] % and is payable as additional loan in [no. of installments] equal
monthly installments from the date of payment of such premiums.

7. Any money received under any policy of insurance effected or maintained by the
Mortgagor or on behalf of the Mortgagor by the Mortgagee, whether or not pursuant to
the Mortgagor’s obligation under this Agreement shall be applied to make good the loss
or damage in respect of which the money is received.

8. Restriction on transfer

      Mortgagor shall not without the prior written consent of the mortgagee during the
subsistence of this mortgage sell, lease, or part with possession or transfer all or part of
the interest in the property.

9. Mortgagor’s covenants

     1. The Mortgagor covenants with the mortgagee as follows:

           (a) that the Mortgagor or with the consent or concurrence of all other persons
               whose consent or concurrence is required, has full power to mortgage
               the property expressed to be mortgaged by the mortgagor in the manner
               in which it is expressed to be mortgaged,

           (b) that if either or both the Mortgagee and persons deriving title through
               the Mortgagee enter into possession of the mortgaged property, the
               Mortgagor and every person concurring in the mortgage by his direction
               and every person deriving title through the Mortgagor (other than ‘a
               person having an interest to which the mortgage is expressly made



                                           203
Act 770               Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008




              subject) shall not interfere with, interrupt or disturb the possession of
              such person in possession,

          (c) that the mortgaged property is freed and discharged from, or otherwise
              by the Mortgagor sufficiently indemnified against, all interests,
              encumbrances, claims and demands whatsoever, other than those to
              which the mortgage is expressly made subject,

          (d) that the Mortgagor and every person concurring in the mortgage by the
              Mortgagor’s direction, and every person deriving title through any of
              them, and every other person having or rightfully claiming any interest
              in the mortgaged property other than an interest to which the mort-
              gage is expressly made subject will, from time to time and at all times
              on the request of the Mortgagee or any person deriving title through
              him, execute and do all such assurances and things for further or more
              perfectly assuring the title to the security interest as such person may
              reasonably request, the expenses in respect of this covenant to be borne
              by the Mortgagor during the life of the mortgage and thereafter by the
              person making the request,

          (e) that the Mortgagor and every person deriving an interest through the
              Mortgagor, other than a person having an interest to which the mort-
              gage is expressly made subject, will at all times during the life of the
              mortgage preserve, protect, repair and maintain the mortgaged prop-
              erty so as not to diminish its value below what is reasonably required as
              security for the performance of any act secured by the mortgage but
              which has yet to be performed,

          (f) that the lease is at the date of the mortgage a, valid lease of the mort-
              gaged property.

          (g) that all the rents reserved by, and all the covenants, conditions and
              agreements contained in, the lease and to be paid, observed or per-
              formed by the Mortgagor and persons deriving title through him have
              been paid, observed and performed up to the time of the mortgage,

          (h) that the Mortgagor, or the person deriving title through the Mortgagor
              during the subsistence of the Agreement, observe and perform or cause
              to be paid, observed and performed, all rents reserved by the lease and
              all covenants, conditions and agreements contained in the lease, which
              he or they are bound to pay, observe and perform.



                                         204
                        Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008                          Act 770




10. Mortgagee’s covenants

     1. The mortgage made is discharged when the Mortgagor performs all the obliga-
tions under this Agreement and undertakes to issue a written discharge to the Mort-
gagee as soon as the Mortgagor has duly fulfilled all obligations under this mortgage.

      2. The Mortgagee shall furnish or deliver to the Mortgagor a [monthly/quarterly/
annual] statement of Account on the Loan payments on or before the [                ] day of
[Month] of [period] and the Mortgagor may raise any queries on the statement if any.
In the event that the Mortgagor raises any queries the Parties shall reconcile the accounts.

11. Mortgagee’s rights and powers

     1. The Mortgagee shall hold all title documents relating exclusively to the Property
and shall keep same whole, uncancelled and undefaced.

      2. The Mortgagee acknowledges the right of the Mortgagor to the production of
the title documents and to the supply of copies of same.

    3. The Mortgagee shall upon receiving a [duration of notice] notice permit the
Mortgagor or its representative to inspect the title documents.

       4. The parties agree that the Mortgagee has the right to irrevocably assign any of
its rights under this Agreement to any third party without prior notice to the Mortgagor.

12. Events of default

     1. Any breach of this Agreement shall amount to an Event of Default in addition to
the following:

           (a) where the Mortgagee is considered to be in default under section 6 of
               the Home Mortgage Finance Act,

           (b) where the Mortgagor dies, becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement
               with creditors generally or takes or suffers similar action as a result of
               the debt,

           (c) where an execution is levied upon the Mortgagor’s property,

           (d) where the Mortgagor becomes of unsound mind,




                                           205
Act 770                Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008




          (e) where the Mortgagor fails to comply with any of the terms, conditions
              covenants or obligations under this Agreement; or

          (f) where an representation or warranty given by the Mortgagor to the
              Mortgagee is found out to be false.

13. Rights of mortgagee upon default

     1. In the event of the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Mortgagee shall
exercise any one or more of the Mortgagee’s rights in accordance with the Home Mort-
gage Finance Act, 2008 (Act 770).

    2. The parties agree that the Mortgagee’s right upon default by the Mortgagor
may be exercised in the Mortgagee’s behalf by a trustee or any beneficiary to whom the
Mortgagee’s rights might have accrued.

14. Termination

     This Agreement shall remain valid and may terminate after the Mortgage is
discharged and the Mortgagee has issued the written discharge required under
section [ ] of this Agreement.

15. Renewal of mortgage

     If the Mortgagor shall duly and punctually repay the principal money, interest and
other money the Mortgagor has covenanted to pay to the Mortgagee in accordance
with section 3 of this Agreement then, if the Mortgagor so desires, the security hereby
made is used to secure further advances not exceeding, in aggregate of [amount] the
Mortgagee shall give the Mortgagor at the original interest rate and priority. The Mort-
gagor shall give at least [length of notice] months’ notice, in writing to the Mortgagee
of the Mortgagor’s intention to enforce this provision.

16. Notice

     Any notice required to be served under this mortgage is sufficiently served on the
Mortgagee if its delivered either by hand and a receipt acknowledged in writing by the
Mortgagor; or by leaving it for the Mortgagor with a person apparently over the age of
eighteen years at the Mortgagor’s address and acknowledged in writing by that person;
or by pasting the notice on a reasonably noticeable part of the mortgaged premises; or
sent by registered mail or by courier or to the last known address provided by the
Mortgagor.



                                          206
                            Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008                                  Act 770




17. Stamping and registration

      1. The Mortgagor shall immediately after the execution of this Agreement

             *     Stamp this Agreement in accordance with section 12 of the Stamp Duty
                   Act 2005 Act 689.

             *     Register this Agreement in accordance with section 24 of the Lands
                   Registry Act 1962, (Act 122) and the provisions under Part IV of the
                   Land Title Registration Act 1986 (P.N.D.C.L. 152).

18. Waiver

     Failure or neglect by either party to enforce a provision of this Agreement shall not
be construed or considered to be a waiver of rights of the whole or part of this Agree-
ment.

19. Entire agreement

      This Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between the parties
and supercedes all previous understandings, commitments and agreements whether
oral or written relating to this Agreement.

20. Amendments

     Any term condition or provision contained in this Agreement may be amended on
the mutual consent of both parties and any agreed amendment is in writing, executed
by both parties and annexed to this Agreement.

21. Jurat [applicable when Mortgagor is illiterate and/or blind]
I........................... (name and position of employee or representative of Mortgagee)
declares that on........................................ day of.......................... (day/month/year)
I read and explained the contents of this Agreement to the Mortgagor herein, who is
illiterate and/or blind in the. . . [language] language and seemed perfectly to under-
stand and approve of the contents before executing it.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Mortgagor has set his/her hand and the Mortgagee has
caused its hand and seal to be hereunto affixed on the day, month and year first above
written.




                                                  207
Act 770              Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008




               [Detailed description of property and site plan]

Signed by the within named Mortgagor
                               Name:
                               Address:
                               Fax:
                               Tel:
                               Email:

In the presence of
                               Name:
                               Address:
                               Fax:
                               Tel:
                               Email:

Signed by or on behalf of the Mortgagee
                                Name:
                                Address:
                                Fax:
                                Tel:
                                Email:

In the presence of
                               Name:
                               Address:
                               Fax:
                               Tel:
                               Email:




                                      208
                               Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008               Act 770




                                             Second Schedule

                                               Section 11(2)
                                              Demand Notice

                                      [On Mortgagee’s Letterhead]
Dear Sir/Madam,

MORTGAGE DEMAND NOTE

We refer to:
      1. The [Mortgage Agreement] dated [ ] entered into between [ ] and the [ ] for
a total amount of [ ] in respect of which there is a current outstanding indebtedness of
[ ] plus interest of [ ] making a total of [ ]

     2. The notification of default dated [ ]
Despite the above, as at [date] the amount outstanding remains unpaid. We hereby
issue this demand, in accordance with section 11(2) of the Home Mortgage Finance
Act, 2008 (Act 770) and Section [ ] of the [Mortgage Agreement] for the immediate
payment of the amount outstanding plus interest, from you as primary obligor, within
seven (7) days of the date of this letter.

Please note that if a settlement of the arrears is not made within the stipulated time
and no arrangement is entered with [the financial institution] for the settlement of the
amount outstanding, we are entitled to exercise our rights against you in accordance
with sections 11-17 of the Home Mortgage Finance Act, 2008 (Act 770).

Please be advised accordingly.


Signed:

.....................................Date:




                        Date of Gazette notification: 19th December, 2008




                                                   209
Non-Bank Financial Institutions
     Act, 2008, (Act 774)
Act 774              Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008




                             ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

                                Application and licensing

 1.   Application of this Act
 2.   Licence required for Non-Bank Financial Services
 3.   Qualification for a licence
 4.   Application procedures
 5.   Licensing procedures
 6.   Display of licence
 7.   Revocation, suspension, or restriction of licence
 8.   Notification of change in particulars
 9.   Branches, Agencies, etc.
10.   Prohibited actions

                        Capital, liquidity, and other requirements

11.   Minimum requirements
12.   Paid-up capital
13.   Liquid assets
14.   Single party exposure
15.   Related party transactions
16.   Requirements for lending to related parties
17.   Restrictions on lending to staff
18.   Dividends

                         Ownership and corporate governance

19.   Ownership
20.   Mergers, amalgamations, sale of assets
21.   Directors
22.   Appointment of Directors and employees
23.   Responsibilities of Directors

                           Accounts and financial statements

24. Accounting records
25. Internal audit
26. Appointment of external auditor




                                           210
                     Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008    Act 774




27.   External auditor’s report
28.   Submission of audited financial statements
29.   Audited financial statements to be made public
30.   Non-compliant financial statements

                           Powers of supervision and control

31.   Supervision
32.   Returns
33.   Examination
34.   Power to intervene
35.   Remedial action
36.   Additional powers of intervention
37.   Power to investigate and make orders concerning exempted
      services

                                          Liquidation
38. Liquidation
39. Voluntary winding-up

                                 Miscellaneous matters

40.   Protection of officers
41.   Confidentiality
42.   Know your customer
43.   Offences
44.   Rules
45.   Regulations
46.   Interpretation
47.   Repeals, transitional and savings

                                      SCHEDULES




                                             211
Act 774             Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008




                             REPUBLIC OF GHANA
                   THE SEVEN HUNDRED AND SEVENTY-FOURTH

                                          ACT
                                ENTITLED
                 NON-BANK FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS ACT, 2008

      An Act to provide for the regulation of non-bank financial institutions and for
related purposes.
                         DATE OF ASSENT: 23rd December, 2008.

ENACTED by the President and Parliament:

                               Application and licensing

Application of this Act

      1. This Act applies to non-bank institutions and non-bank financial services as set
out in the First Schedule to this Act, but does not apply to

       (a) operators of micro finance services with risk assets which are not more
           than the amounts prescribed by the Bank of Ghana and whose sources of
           funds do not include deposits from the public; and

       (b) any other institution or person as the Bank may specify by Notice pub-
           lished in the Gazette.

Licence required for Non-Bank Financial Services

     2. (1) A person shall not provide any of the services
     specified in the First Schedule unless that person holds a valid licence issued for
that purpose under this Act.

        (2) A license issued under this Act shall indicate among other things whether
the licensee may engage in all or some of the services specified in the First Schedule.

Qualification for a licence

     3. A person shall not be licensed to provide a non-bank financial service unless
that person

       (a) is a body incorporated in Ghana under sections 8 and 9 of the Companies
           Act 1963 (Act 179) with the sole authorised business of carrying on of a
           non-bank financial service; or



                                          212
                     Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008                       Act 774




        (b) is in the case of a credit union registered and incorporated under sections 5
            and 6 of the Co-operative Societies Act, 1968 (NLCD 252); and
has satisfied the minimum capital requirements determined in accordance with section
12 of this Act.

Application procedures

      4. (1) An application for a licence to provide a service specified in the First Schedule,
shall be

           (a) made in writing in the form determined by the Bank for that purpose,
               and

           (b) submitted to the Bank for consideration.

        (2) The application shall be accompanied with

           (a) certified copies of its regulations or other instruments of incorporation
               of the applicant;

           (b) full particulars of and detailed and clear definition of activities it proposes
               to carry out;

           (c) details of registered place of business, a principal place of business
               accessible to the public and suitable for the services contemplated and
               a description of other places where it proposes to do business, and the
               areas it proposes to serve;

           (d) financial data which include financial statements and feasibility reports
               which contain among others a business plan and financial projections
               for the first five years of operations;

           (e) documentary evidence of sources of finds for the proposed business;

           (f) names, addresses, occupations and corporate affiliations of persons
               who hold or intend to hold significant shareholdings directly or indirectly,
               in the proposed business and the respective values of their shareholdings
               or proposed shareholdings;

           (g) particulars, including backgrounds and business interests, of directors
               and key management personnel concerned with the management of
               the business;



                                             213
Act 774              Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008




           (h) other information that relates to the viability of the business;

           (i)   information on other matters that the applicant considers relevant to its
                 application;

           (j) other additional information which the Bank considers relevant for the
               determination of the application; and

           (k) a non-refundable application fee specified by the Bank.

        (3) The application shall be signed by the members of the board of directors or
other governing body of the applicant, or by any representatives of the applicant legally
authorized to sign the application.

Licensing procedures

    5. (1) The Bank in considering an application for a licence under section 4, shall
conduct investigations that it considers necessary to ascertain

           (a) the validity of the documents submitted under section 4 (1) and (2);

           (b) the financial status and history of the applicant;

           (c) the nature of business of the applicant including the range of services
               and products proposed;

           (d) the suitability of significant shareholders and directors of the applicant
               in line with the Bank’s “fit and proper person” test as defined in this Act;

           (e) the competence and integrity of persons proposed to occupy key
               management positions;

           (f) the adequacy of the applicant’s capital structure, earning prospects,
               business plans, and financial plans in line with levels specified by the
               Bank; and

           (g) any other matter which the Bank may regard as relevant to the
               application.

        (2) Within ninety days after the receipt of an application, or where additional
information or clarification had been sought, after the receipt of the additional informa-
tion or clarification, the Bank may if it is satisfied that the application is in accordance



                                           214
                    Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008                     Act 774




with this Act, and the specified fee has been paid

           (a) issue a licence to an applicant to carry on business;

           (b) refuse to issue the licence if not satisfied and inform the applicant of
               the refusal giving reasons for the refusal; or

           (c) issue the licence on conditions that it considers necessary.

       (3) Where a licence is issue on condition, the Bank may vary the condition as it
considers appropriate.

Display of licence

     6. A licensee shall at all times display the licence or copies of the licence, its name
and a statement of the fact that it is licensed to carry on business under this Act, in a
conspicuous position on the premises at which it carries on business.

Revocation, suspension, or restriction of licence

      7. (1) The Bank may revoke the licence by notice in writing to the licensee if the
licensee

           (a) ceases to satisfy a qualification required under this Act;

           (b) ceases to carry on business or is wound up or otherwise dissolved;

           (c) conducts business in a manner detrimental to the interests of deposi-
               tors or customers;

           (d) except in the case of a credit union, has without the consent of the
               Bank been amalgamated with another company or has sold or has oth-
               erwise transferred its assets and liabilities to another company;

           (e) in the case of a credit union has amalgamated or transferred its assets
               in a manner contrary to section 14 of the Cooperative Societies Act,
               1968 (NLCD 1968);

           (f) has failed to comply with any of the conditions stipulated in its licence;

           (g) has contravened any provision of this Act or any Regulation, rule, No-
               tice, or other directive issued by the Bank in furtherance of this Act; or



                                           215
Act 774             Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008




           (h) has provided the Bank with false, misleading or inaccurate informa-
               tion, in connection with an application for a licence.

         (2) The Bank may suspend or restrict a licence issued under this Act where it
finds it necessary to do so.

        (3) The Bank shall, before it suspends or revokes a licence under subsection
(2), give notice to the affected licensee, specifying the defect, omission or breach for
which the licence is liable to suspension or revocation and request the person to rem-
edy the defect

           (a) within ninety days after the notice, or

           (b) some other period determined by the Bank.

       (4) If the defect, omission or breach is remedied within the time specified, the
Bank shall by notice in writing to that person restore its licence, otherwise the Bank
may suspend or revoke the licence and issue a public notice to that effect.

        (5) A licence may be restricted by

           (a) the imposition of a limit on its duration that the Bank considers fit;

           (b) the imposition of additional conditions that the Bank considers desir-
               able for the protection of depositors or potential depositors;

           (c) the prohibition of the licensee from entering into any other transaction
               or class of transactions;

           (d) requiring the removal of a director, manager or other officer of the
               licensee.

        (6) A licensee who fails to comply with a requirement or contravenes any
prohibition imposed on it under this section is liable to pay to the Bank, a penalty of not
less than two hundred and fifty penalty units.

        (7) The Bank shall issue a public notice of any suspension, restriction, or
revocation of a licence under this Act.

         (8) A person who is dissatisfied with the decision of the Bank to revoke, suspend,
or restrict a licence may within thirty days after that person has been informed of the
decision, apply to the Bank for a review of the Bank’s decision.



                                           216
                    Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008                    Act 774




        (9) The Bank may by notice, publish rules of procedure for

           (a) the submission of applications for review under subsection (8), and

           (b) hearing and determination of the applications.

       (10) A person who is dissatisfied with the decision of the Bank in respect of a
review may apply to the High Court for a review of that decision.

Notification of change in particulars

     8. A non-bank financial institution shall give notice to the Bank of

           (a) an alteration in its regulations or other constitutional document,

           (b) a change of a director or member of its governing body, and

          (c) an alteration in the nature of its business
within twenty-eight days after the occurrence of the event.

Branches and Agencies

      9. (1) A non-bank financial institution shall not open, close, or change a branch,
office, sub-office, booth, agency or mobile unit in the country without the prior approval
in writing of the Bank obtained at least thirty days before the date of the opening,
closing, or change.

        (2) Before the closure or change of location of a place of business of a non-
bank financial institution, the Bank shall ensure that the institution provides opportunity
to depositors who do not want their accounts transferred to another branch or office or
the relocated branch to withdraw their funds.

         (3) Before approval is granted for the opening of a branch, office, sub-office,
booth, agency or mobile unit, the Bank may have regard to the adequacy of the applicant’s
capital for operating the branch office, sub-office, booth, agency or mobile unit
     .
Prohibited actions

     10. (1) A non-bank financial institution shall not without the written approval of
the Bank change its name as contained in its licence.




                                           217
Act 774             Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008




        (2) A non-bank financial institution shall not in furtherance of the business for
which it is licensed under this Act, use or refer to itself

           (a) by a name other than the name under which it is licensed;

           (b) by an abbreviation of that name unless the abbreviation has been
               approved by the Bank; or

           (c) by the word “bank” in its name, advertisement or correspondence.

                       Capital, liquidity, and other requirements

Minimum requirements

   11. (1) A non-bank financial institution licensed under this Act, shall comply with
the minimum requirements imposed under this Act and that may be imposed by the
Bank regarding core capital, liquidity, loans and advances, based on the Bank’s
assessment of risks posed by their respective activities.

       (2) The Bank may for the purpose of imposing or revising the requirements
impose different requirements having regard to the number and types of services
provided by the institution or to other relevant considerations, based on the Bank’s
assessment of risks posed by their activities.

Paid-up capital

    12. A non-bank financial institution shall maintain separate and unimpaired minimum
paid-up capital and reserves in the amount specified in the Fourth Schedule to this Act
or as may be specified by the Bank.

Liquid assets

   13. A non-bank financial institution shall maintain the minimum holding of liquid
assets of a specific amount and composition as provided in the Fourth Schedule or as
the Bank may specify.

Single party exposure

   14. (1) A non-bank financial institution shall not

           (a) grant an advance or credit or issue financial guarantee or indemnity
               to or in respect of any person or group of persons;



                                          218
                     Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008                      Act 774



           (b) invest in the equity of any company; or

          (c) carry out any other transaction for any person
which constitutes in the aggregate a liability to the institution amounting to more than
the proportion of the net worth of the institution as specified in the Fourth Schedule or
as may be specified by the Bank.

        (2) A non-bank financial institution shall not grant an unsecured advance, credit,
or issue any guarantee or indemnity amounting in aggregate to more than the proportion
of the net worth of the institution as specified in the Fourth Schedule or as may be
specified by the Bank.

Related party transactions

    15. (1) A non-bank financial institution shall not assume unsecured financial exposure
in respect of

           (a) any of its directors or significant shareholders,

           (b) a firm or company in which a director or a significant shareholder of
               that institution is interested as director,

           (c) a controlling shareholder, partner, proprietor, employee or guarantor of
               that institution,

           (d) a holding or subsidiary company of that institution in which a director is
               interested, or

           (e) a director’s relative or a significant shareholder’s relative,
unless the prior written approval of the Bank is obtained in respect of that unsecured
exposure.

       (2) The aggregate liability to the institution as regards a director or a significant
shareholder or other related party indicated in subsection (1), shall not exceed

           (a) fifteen per cent of the institution’s net own funds where the financial
               exposure is on a secured basis, or

           (b) ten per cent of the institution’s net own funds where the financial
               exposure is on an unsecured basis.

        (3) The board of the institution shall be the only authority to approve or sanction
any financial exposures of the institution to any of its directors or significant shareholders
or related parties.



                                            219
Act 774              Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008




       (4) The financial exposure of the institution to a director, a significant shareholder
and other related party shall not be written off or waived fully or partially, without the
approval of the institution’s board and the approval in writing of the Bank.

       (5) A non-bank financial institution which contravenes this section shall pay to
the Bank a penalty of one thousand penalty units.

       (6) For the purposes of this section “relative” includes spouse, son, daughter,
step son, step daughter, brother, sister, father and mother.

Requirements for lending to related parties

      16. (1) In considering the approval of credit facilities to any of its directors, executive
officers or persons related to them, under section 15, a non-bank financial institution
shall satisfy itself that

            (a) the person to whom the credit facility is given has credit worthiness
                which is not less than that normally required by the institution from
                other persons to whom credit facilities are given;

            (b) the terms of the credit facility are not less favourable to the institution
                than those normally offered to other persons;

            (c) the giving of the credit facility is in the interests of the non- bank financial
                institution;

            (d) the credit facility has been approved by all other directors of the institution
                at a duly constituted meeting of the directors where not less than three
                quarters of the directors of the institution were present; and

            (e) the approval has been recorded in the minutes of that meeting.

        (2) A non-bank financial institution which contravenes subsection (1) shall pay
to the Bank a penalty of not more than one thousand penalty units or be subject to
sanctions that the Bank may determine.

Restrictions on lending to staff

    17. (1) A non-bank financial institution shall not grant to any of its officers or
employees an unsecured advance or credit facility, the aggregate amount of which
exceeds two years’ salary of the officer or employee.




                                              220
                    Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008                    Act 774




       (2) The limitations applicable to directors under section 16 apply to advances
granted to an executive officer.

          (3) A non-bank financial institution which grants unsecured advances or credit
facilities in contravention of subsection (1) is liable to pay to the Bank a penalty of not
more than one thousand penalty units or be subject to sanctions that the Bank may
determine.

Dividends

   18. (1) A non-bank financial institution shall not declare or pay dividend on its
shares in any year if the level of capital adequacy of the institution is less than that
provided for under this Act or specified by the Bank.

       (2) A non-bank financial institution shall not pay dividend on its shares unless it
has completely recovered all of its capitalized expenditure.

        (3) The Bank may suspend or revoke a licence if dividends are declared or paid
in contravention of this section.

                         Ownership and corporate governance

Ownership of shares in non-bank financial institution

   19. (1) A person who

           (a) has been convicted for felony or who has been adjudged to have
               participated in illegal financial activities in this country or elsewhere,

           (b) is not financially solvent or is incapable of meeting the subscription and
               payment of allotted shares,

           (c) has a non-performing loan in any financial institution in this country,

           (d) in the case of a company, subject to subsection (2), has been declared
               bankrupt by a court,

           (e) has been disqualified from operating current accounts,

           (f) has been suspended from acting as director, trustee, manager,
               administrator or proxy in any financial institution, or




                                           221
Act 774             Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008




            (g) has been disqualified by the Bank from acting as internal auditor or
                 other officer in any financial institution
shall not legally or beneficially hold shares in a non-bank financial institution and the
Bank shall direct the cancellation of any shares held by that person.

        (2) Where a company ceases to be a bankrupt company for at least ten years
and has within that period re-establish itself as a financially sound and responsible
company, the Bank may, subject to conditions that the Bank may determine, such as
the posting of a bond for a specified number of years, permit the company to own
shares in a non-bank financial institution.

Mergers, amalgamations, sale of assets

   20. (1) A non-bank financial institution shall submit to the Bank for approval, any
proposal or agreement which it intends to enter into with another party for the sale or
disposal by amalgamation or otherwise of its business, or a part of its business.

        (2) Subject to prior written approval of the Bank

            (a) a non-bank financial institution may, other than in the ordinary course
                of its business, sell the whole or part of its assets in the country to
                another licensed non-bank financial institution;

            (b) except in the case of a credit union, one or more non-bank financial
                institutions may merge or consolidate with each other or with other
                licensed financial institutions, as the case may be; and

            (c) a licensed non-bank financial institution may sell or transfer the whole
                or part of its shares to an individual or body corporate.

       (3) A transfer of assets or a merger or consolidation shall, in the case of a Credit
Union, be in accordance with section 14 of the Cooperative Societies Act, 1968 (NLCD
252) and is subject to approval by the Bank.

        (4) A non-bank financial institution which breaches a provision of this section
shall pay to the Bank a penalty of one thousand penalty units or a lesser amount that
the Bank may determine in the case of a Credit Union; and the transfer shall be void.

Directors

    21. A non-bank financial institution shall have a board of directors comprising not
less than five directors, each of whom must demonstrate an understanding of the


                                           222
                     Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008                   Act 774




financial institution’s financial standing and reporting requirement.

Appointment of directors and employees

      22. (1) A person shall not be appointed or elected, or accept to be appointed or
elected as a director, chief executive officer or employee of a non-bank financial institu-
tion, if that person

           (a) has been declared to be of unsound mind or is detained as a criminal
               lunatic under a law in force in this country;

           (b) has

                 (i) been declared insolvent, or

                 (ii) entered into terms with another person for payment of debt and
                      has suspended payment of the debt;

           (c) is convicted of an offence involving fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude;

           (d) has been convicted for felony or has been adjudged to have participated
               in illegal financial activities in this country or elsewhere;

           (e) has been a director or manager of or is associated with the management
               of an institution which is being or has been wound up by a court or the
               Bank due to

                 (i) offences committed under a law, or

                 (ii) bankruptcy;

           (f) has a non-performing loan in a financial institution in this country;

           (g) is a director of more than one other financial institution;

           (h) has been disqualified from operating a current account;

           (i)   has been permanently suspended from acting as director, trustee,
                 manager, administrator or proxy in a financial institution;

           (j) has been disqualified by the Bank from acting as an internal auditor or
               other officer in any financial institution;


                                           223
Act 774              Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008




           (k) is under the age of eighteen years; or

           (l)   is not, in the opinion of the Bank a fit and proper person to be a director.

        (2) Where a person is disqualified under subsection (1) that person shall imme-
diately cease to hold office and the institution shall immediately terminate the appoint-
ment of that person.

        (3) Where subsection (1) is contravened, both the person who appoints the
director and the person appointed as director commit an offence and each is liable on
summary conviction to a fine of not more than two hundred and fifty penalty units or to
a term of imprisonment of not more than twelve months.

Responsibilities of Directors

   23. The board of directors of a non-bank financial institution among other things
shall ensure that,

           (a) its management is in full control of the affairs and business operations
               of the institution;

           (b) the business of the institution is conducted in a safe and sound manner;

           (c) the internal controls systems, and management information systems of
               the institution,

                 (i) provide reasonable assurance of the integrity and reliability of the
                     financial statements of the institution,

                 (ii) adequately verify, safeguard and maintain accountability of the assets
                      of the institution based on established and written policies and
                      procedures,

           (d) the policies and procedures are implemented by trained and skilled
               officers with an appropriate segregation of duties which are continuously
               monitored, reviewed and updated by the board of directors so that no
               material breakdown occurs in the functioning of the controls, procedures
               and systems, and

           (e) the institution or operator is in compliance with all applicable laws.

       (2) The board shall promote good corporate governance and efficient


                                            224
                    Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008                   Act 774




performance of the institution and report to the shareholders on all its activities at the
annual general meeting of the institution.

                           Accounts and financial statements

Accounting records

    24. (1) A non-bank financial institution licensed under this Act shall keep account-
ing records in a manner that gives an accurate and reliable account of its transactions
and the accounts prepared from the records shall give a true and fair view of the state
of affairs of the institution and its results for the accounting periods.

        (2) The books of account and other accounting records to which this section
applies shall be kept in Ghana and shall comply with the requirements of

           (a) the Companies Act 1963 (Act 179),

           (b) International Financial Reporting Standards, and

           (c) other requirements that the Bank may prescribe in writing.

       (3) A non-bank financial institution shall preserve the books of account and
other accounting records referred to in this section for a period of not less than ten
years.

Internal audit

   25. (1) A non-bank financial institution shall establish an internal audit unit that
reports directly to its board of directors or other governing body.

        (2) The audit unit shall be managed by a person with relevant qualifications
and experience in banking or accounting or in the supervision or management of non-
bank financial institutions business and shall be subject to approval by the Bank.

Appointment of external auditor

   26. (1) A non-bank financial institution shall appoint an external auditor who shall
audit its books of accounts and records at least once in a year.

       (2) A person shall not be appointed an auditor under subsection (1) unless that
person is



                                           225
Act 774            Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008




          (a) a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants established under
              the Chartered Accountants Act, 1963 (Act 170);

          (b) resident in the country or if not resident, that person’s residence outside
              the country has been specifically approved in writing by the Bank;

          (c) not an employee or director or officer of the institution for which the
              appointment is made; and

          (d) not disqualified by law from being appointed as auditor.

       (3) An external auditor shall within three months after the end of the financial
year submit a statutory audit report and a long form audit report to the institution
audited.

External auditor’s report

   27. The external auditor shall state in the statutory audit report whether or not

          (a) the accounts give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the
              institution;

          (b) the external auditor was able to obtain all the information and explanation
              required for the efficient conduct of the audit; and

          (c) the institution’s transactions are within the powers of the institution.

Submission of audited financial statements

   28. A non-bank financial institution shall

          (a) submit a copy of its audited financial statements to the Bank not later
              than three calendar months after the end of its financial year, and

          (b) simultaneously publish the financial statements at least once in a local
              newspaper of national circulation.

Audited financial statements to be made public

   29. A non-bank financial institution shall exhibit throughout the year at a conspicu-
ous place in every office and branch, a copy of its last audited financial statement and



                                          226
                    Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008                    Act 774




shall within four months after the end of each financial year, cause a copy of the
balance sheet to be published on its website or in any other manner specified by notice
by the Bank.

Non-compliant financial statements

    30. (1) Where the Bank is satisfied that the audited accounts of a non-bank finan-
cial institution

           (a) do not comply with the requirements of this Act;

           (b) contain information that may be misleading; or

          (c) are not published in the specified form;
the Bank may require the institution to

           (d) amend the audited accounts to comply with this Act;

           (e) correct the misleading information;

           (f) re-publish the amended audited accounts; or

           (g) submit to the Bank further documents or information that relate to the
               audited accounts.

       (2) The Bank may impose sanctions that it considers appropriate in addition to
any orders made in subsection (1).

                           Powers of supervision and control

Supervision

   31. (1) A non-bank financial institution shall be supervised by the Bank.

        (2) Despite subsection (1), the Bank under section 4(2), (3), and (4) of the
Bank of Ghana Act, 2002, (Act 612) may appoint an authorized agent which includes an
apex body, network, industrial association, self regulatory organisation, society or group
to regulate and supervise specified activities of a particular tier or category or class of
non-bank financial institutions.

         (3) The Bank may supervise a holding company of a non bank financial institution
in relation to financial transactions between the holding company and the non-bank
financial institution.


                                           227
Act 774             Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008




Returns

   32. (1) The Bank may require a non-bank financial institution to submit to it or its
authorized agent information or data that relates to

           (a) the assets, liabilities, income, and expenditure of that institution, or

           (b) any of the institution’s affairs,
in a specified form, at intervals and within the times that the Bank or its authorised
agent may stipulate and that non-bank financial institution shall comply with the
requirement.

        (2) The Bank may impose a penalty of not more than two hundred and fifty
penalty Units on a non-bank financial institution for

           (a) non-submission,

           (b) incomplete submission,

           (c) delayed submission, or

           (d) inaccurate submission
of the required information, data, statements or returns.

Examination

    33. (1) The Bank or its authorized agent may, at any time, cause a non-bank financial
institution and its books, accounts and records to be examined.

         (2) A non-bank financial institution and every officer and employee of that
institution shall make available to a person who conducts an examination under
subsection (1), within the period directed by that person in writing,

           (a) the books, accounts, records and other documents of the institution,
               and

           (b) correspondence, statements and information that relate to the non-
               bank financial institution, its business and conduct, required by that
               person.

       (3) Failure to produce a book, an account, record, document or information



                                          228
                    Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008                       Act 774




within the period specified constitutes a contravention of this Act.

       (4) The person who conducts the examination shall submit a report to the
Bank, and the report shall draw attention to

           (a) any breach or contravention of this Act or any Regulations made under
               this Act; and

           (b) any mismanagement or other matter that relates to the business of the
               non-bank financial institution which is not consistent with sound business
               practice.

Power to intervene

   34. The Bank may intervene in the affairs of a non-bank financial institution if

           (a) the institution has contravened a provision of this Act or any other law
               or condition on which the licence, was issued;

           (b) the affairs of the institution are being conducted in a manner detrimental
               to the interests of creditors or prejudicial to the interests of the financial
               institution;
           (c) the institution has refused to submit itself to inspection, or has provided
               false information; or

           (d) the institution has insufficient assets to cover its liabilities.

Remedial action

   35. The Bank may, without prejudice to any other course of action

           (a) order in writing that a non-bank financial institution take remedial action
               to comply with this Act or Regulations, notices or orders issued under
               this Act;

           (b) issue directives regarding measures to be taken to improve the
               management, financial soundness or business methods of the non-bank
               financial institution; or

           (c) require the directors or management of a non-bank financial institution
               to execute an agreement concerning its implementation of orders or
               directives issued by the Bank.


                                            229
Act 774               Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008




Additional powers of intervention

   36. (1) Where a non-bank financial institution fails, refuses or neglects to comply
with an order, direction, or agreement made under section 35, the Bank may

          (a) make a “cease and desist” order, of either temporary or indefinite duration
              requiring the non-bank financial institution and its management to

               (i)    stop the improper or unacceptable practice,

               (ii)   put a limit to lending, or

               (iii) stop the declaration of dividends;

          (b) remove or suspend a person from the management of the affairs of the
              institution or operation;

          (c) impose specified penalties on the offending member of management;

          (d) appoint a person who, in the opinion of the Bank is suitably qualified
              and competent to advise and assist the institution generally or for the
              purposes of implementing the orders, directions, or agreements under
              paragraphs (a), (b), or (c) and the advice of the person appointed shall

               (i) have the same force and effect as a direction made under paragraphs
                   (a), (b), and (c), and

               (ii) be deemed to be a directive of the Bank under this section;

          (e) appoint a person, suitably qualified and competent in the opinion of the
              Bank, to manage the affairs of the institution for the period necessary
              to rectify the problem and require the institution to add capital as may
              be specified;

          (f) impose any other measures or sanctions as the Bank considers
              appropriate in the circumstances;

          (g) by notice in the gazette, revoke or cancel any existing power of attorney,
              mandate, appointment or other authority by the institution in favour of
              any officer or employee or another person.

       (2) A person who is not satisfied with the decision of the Bank under subsection


                                           230
                    Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008                     Act 774




(1) may apply to the High Court for redress.

Power to investigate and make orders concerning exempted services

    37. (1) Where in the opinion of the Bank the operations of a person engaged in
non-bank financial services, which are not regulated under this Act, are not conducive
to the stability of the financial sector, the Bank, may commence investigations into the
operations of that person and may issue orders to that person or group as appropriate.

        (2) A person who fails or neglects to comply with the orders issued under
subsection (1) commits an offence under this Act and is liable on summary conviction
to a fine of one thousand penalty units or a term of imprisonment of not less than
twelve months and where the offence continues after conviction to a fine of not less
than two thousand penalty units for each day the offence continues.

                                        Liquidation

Liquidation

    38. (1) If a non-bank financial institution becomes insolvent, the Bank may,
notwithstanding the provisions of the Bodies Corporate (Official Liquidations) Act, 1963
(Act 180) or any other law, appoint a liquidator to wind up the affairs of the insolvent
institution or operator, and the appointment has the same effect as the appointment of
a liquidator by the Court.

        (2) The Minister in consultation with the Bank may by legislative instrument
make Regulations or Rules prescribing the procedures necessary to give effect to this
section.

        (3) A person ,who is not satisfied with the decision of the Bank under this
section or of the liquidator may apply to the High Court for redress.

Voluntary winding-up

   39. (1) Despite anything to the contrary in the Companies Act, 1963 (Act 179) or
any other law, a non-bank financial institution shall not voluntarily wind up its operations
unless the Bank has certified in writing that the non-bank financial institution is able to
meet its obligations in full to the creditors as the obligations accrue.

         (2) If the Bank, at any stage of the voluntary winding up, considers that the
non-bank financial institution which is being wound up is unable to meet its obligations
in full to creditors, the Bank shall appoint a liquidator to wind up the affairs of the
institution and the provisions of section 38 shall apply.


                                           231
Act 774                Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008




                                  Miscellaneous matters

Protection of officers

    40. (1) The Bank or any officer, employee or authorized agent of the Bank is not
liable to a civil suit for anything which is done in good faith under this Act.

       (2) Subsection (1) does not apply where the action or claim arises out of
negligence.

Confidentiality

    41. Subject to any law that relates to sharing of information on credit transactions,
a non-bank financial institution and its staff shall ensure that transactions are conducted
in strict confidence and that the confidentiality of customers is maintained.

Know your customer

   42. A non-bank financial institution shall

           (a) demand proof of and record the identity of its clients or customers,
               when establishing business relations or conducting transactions, in
               particular;

                (i)    opening of accounts or issuing of passbooks where applicable,

                (ii)   entering into fiduciary transactions, or

                (iii) performing large cash transactions, and

           (b) through its directors, officers and employees report promptly to the
               Bank and relevant law enforcement agencies any suspected money
               laundering activity related to an account held with the non-bank financial
               institution.

Offences

   43. (1) Where a body of persons is convicted of an offence under this Act, in the
case of a body corporate, each director and officer of that body shall also be deemed to
have committed the offence.

        (2) A person shall not be convicted under subsection (1) if that person proves
that the offence was committed without the consent or connivance of that person and



                                            232
                     Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008                  Act 774




that that person exercised due diligence to prevent the commission of the offence
having regard to all the circumstances.

Notices

   44. (1) Except otherwise provided under this Act, the Bank may issue Notices for
anything required or authorized to be provided for by the Bank under this Act.

          (2) Without limiting the effect of subsection (1), the Notices may among other
matters

             (a) clarify regulatory functions which may be delegated to agents of the
                 Bank;

             (b) set out transitional matters to be complied with by institutions holding
                 licences specified in the Second Schedule immediately before the
                 commencement of this Act;

        (3) Except otherwise provided under this Act failure to comply with a Notice
issued by the Bank shall attract administrative penalties specified by the Bank including
revocation or suspension of licences.

Regulations

   45. The Minister in consultation with the Bank, may by legislative instrument make
Regulations for the effective implementation of this Act.

Interpretation

   46. (1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires,

            “applicant” means a person who has applied for a licence or registration
                 under this Act;

            “authorized or designated agent” is an institution and it includes an apex
                 body, an industry association or group which has been appointed by the
                 Bank under section 4 (2), (3), and (4) of the Bank of Ghana Act, 2002
                 (Act 612) to regulate and supervise any category of non-bank financial
                 or microfinance services;

            “Bank” means the Bank of Ghana;

            “borrower” means a person who has concluded a loan agreement with a non-
                 bank financial institution;


                                           233
Act 774          Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008




      “Capital Adequacy Ratio” means the percentage of a non-bank financial
           institution’s risk-weighted credit exposure or as the Bank shall more
           specifically define from time to time;

      “core capital” means permanent shareholders equity in the form of issued
           and fully paid-up shares together with all disclosed reserves except good-
           will or any intangible assets;

      “credit facility” means

          (a) the granting by an institution of an advance, loan or other facility
              which enables a customer of the institution to access funds or financial
              guarantees, or

          (b) the incurring of liabilities by an institution on behalf of a customer
              with the prior written consent as a mechanism for loan disbursement;

      “deposit-taker” means a person, other than a bank licensed under the Bank-
          ing Act 2004 (Act 673) who offers debt securities to the public and is in
          the business, directly or indirectly, of lending money or providing other
          financial services determined by the Bank;

      “director” means a natural person occupying the position of director, by what-
           ever name called, of a body corporate, and “board of directors” or “di-
           rectors” refers to the directors of a body corporate as a body;

      “financial statements” includes the balance sheet, profit and loss accounts,
           statements of funds flow and notes to the financial statements;

      “fit and proper person” means a person who is fit and proper person to hold
            the particular position which that person holds or is to hold as regards to

          (i)    that person’s probity, competence and soundness of judgment for
                 fulfilling the responsibilities of that position;

          (ii)   the diligence with which that person fulfils or is likely to fulfill those
                 responsibilities; and

          (iii) whether the interest of depositors or potential depositors of the
                financial institution are, or are likely to be, in any way threatened by
                that person holding that position;



                                         234
          Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008                    Act 774




“gearing ratio” means the ratio of a non-bank financial institution’s level of
     long-term debt to its equity capital as expressed in percentage form;

“government securities” includes treasury bills and government bonds issued
     by the Government of Ghana;

“licence” means a licence issued under section 5 (2);

“liquid assets” means the cash in till, balances deposited with the Bank and
      such other assets as the Bank may determine from time to time.

“liquid assets ratio of non-bank financial institution” means the ratio of the
      non-bank financial institution’s total assets readily convertible into cash
      as expressed in percentage form;

“loan agreement” means an agreement, acknowledgement of a debt, or any
     other lending instrument concluded between a lender and a borrower;

“manager” means an officer of a financial institution empowered to control,
    direct, and influence decision-making of the financial institution;

“microfinance services” means financial services provided by institutions how-
     ever organized whether as companies limited by guarantee, limited by
     liability or unlimited, Non-Governmental Organisations, cooperatives or
     cooperative societies, rotating savings and credit associations or groups,
     common bond institutions, self-help groups or associations promoting
     self-help groups, providing loans not exceeding an amount determined
     by the Bank to a single borrower whether directly to borrowers, con-
     tributors or members or through intermediaries, and whether accepting
     deposits from members or not;

“minimum capital” for purposes of this Act means minimum equity capital of
     a non-bank financial institution;

“Minister” means the Minister responsible for finance;

“non-bank financial services” mean. non-deposit taking financial institution
     which provides a service specified in the First Schedule;

“person” includes an individual, a company, a partnership, an association,
     and any other group of persons acting in concert, whether incorporated
     or not;



                                 235
Act 774            Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008




          “prescribed” means prescribed by Regulations, Rules, Notices, or directives
               as the case may be, issued by the Bank;

          “significant shareholding” means a direct or indirect holding in a non-bank
               financial institution which

              (a) represents ten per cent or more of the capital or of the voting right,
                  or

              (b) makes it possible to exercise a significant influence over the
                  management of the institution in which the holding subsists, and

          “single exposure or obligor limit” means the limit of a non- bank financial
               institution’s exposure to a single borrower in relation to that non-bank
               financial institution’s net worth.

Repeals, transitional and savings

  47. (1) The Financial Institutions (Non-Banking) Act, 1993 (P.N.D.C.L. 328) and the
Money Lenders Ordinance (Cap 176) as variously amended are hereby repealed.

        (2) Despite subsection (1), Regulations, rules, instruments, licences, orders
and decisions made under the repealed Acts, shall, in so far as they are consistent with
this Act, remain valid and binding and shall be deemed to have been made under this
Act.

        (3) Despite subsection (2), a person who holds a licence for a service specified
in the Second Schedule, immediately before the coming into force of this Act, shall
within six months after the commencement of this Act, apply to the Bank in a form and
on terms and conditions to be prescribed by the Bank, for a licence to cover the service
specified in the First Schedule of this Act.

        (4) Despite subsection (2) a person who holds a licence under the Money Lenders
Act, 1941 (Cap 176), immediately before the commencement of this Act shall apply to
the Bank within six months after the commencement of this Act, for a licence under this
Act on terms and conditions to be prescribed by the Bank.

        (5) Except as otherwise provided in this Act the provisions of the Co-operative
Societies Decree 1968 (NLCD 252) shall continue to apply to Credit Unions after the
commencement of this Act.




                                          236
                    Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008                   Act 774




       (6) On the coming into force of this Act, the financial institutions specied in the
Second and Third Schedules shall be reclassified and regulated as specified under
those Schedules.

                                  FIRST SCHEDULE
                                   (Sections 2 and 4)

     Section 2: Non-Bank Financial Services

       1. Leasing Operations

       2. Money lending operations

       3. Money Transfer services

       4. Mortgage Finance operations

       5. Non-deposit-taking microfinance services

       6. Credit Union operations

       7. Any other services or operations as the Bank of Ghana may from time to
          time by notice designate as such.

                                SECOND SCHEDULE
                            (Sections 44(2), 47(3) and (6))

    Institutions previously regulated under Financial Institutions (Non-Banking) Law,
1993 (P.N.D.C.L. 328) immediately before the coming into force of this Act and to be
converted into other licensed non-bank financial services under this Act.

       1. Acceptance Houses

       2. Building Societies

       3. Discount Houses
                                  THIRD SCHEDULE
                                    (Section 47(6))

    Institutions Previously Regulated under Financial Institutions (Non-Banking) Law,
1993 (P.N.D.C.L. 328) immediately before the coming into force of this Act and to be



                                           237
Act 774            Non-Bank Financial Institution Act, 2008




migrated to other regulatory regimes.

      1. Savings and Loans Companies, Finance Houses, and deposit-taking microfinance
institutions, to be regulated under the Banking Act 2004 (Act 673) as amended.

                               FOURTH SCHEDULE

                        (Sections 11 to 16: Regulatory Limits

        Category                                                      Limit

        (1) Minimum Capital       ..     ..     ..    ..        GH¢1 million

        (2) Capital Adequacy Ratio (CAR)        ..    ..              8%

        (3) Gearing Ratio (GR) No of time borrowings                  8
            or liabilities could exceed your capital

        (4) Liquid Assets Ratio ..       ..     ..    ..              Nil

        (5) Single Exposure/Obligor Limit (Secured)                   25%

        (6) Single Exposure/Obligor Limit (Unsecured)                 10%




                   Date of Gazette notification; 9th January, 2009.




                                         238
    ARB Apex Bank Ltd.
Regulations, 2006 (L.I. 1825)
                       ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006         L.I. 1825



                           ARRANGEMENT OF REGULATIONS
Regulation
                              Application and incorporation
 1. Application of Banking Act and Companies Code
 2. Status
 3. Head office and branches
                        Objects, functions and duties of the Bank
 4. The objects of the Bank
 5. Core functions
 6. Ancillary functions
 7. Non-member customers
 8. Duties
                                      Membership
 9. Qualification for membership
10. Requirements for membership
11. Admission
12. Rights of members
13. Obligation of members
14. Complaints
15. Termination of membership
16. Administrative sanction
                          Capital, dividends and reserve funds
17. Authorised capital
18. Issuance of shares
19. Reserve funds and dividends
                                  Organs of the Bank
20. Principal organs
21. Meetings
22. Powers and functions of General Meeting of Shareholders
23. Notice
24. Voting rights



                                          239
L.I. 1825            ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006




25. Resolutions
26. Minutes
27. Managing Director
28. Deputy Managing Director
29. Delegation
30. Board of Directors
31. Composition of the Board
32. Appointment of Directors
33. Qualification for appointment as director
34. Tenure of office of directors
35. Functions of the Board
36. Disclosure of interest
37. Meetings of the Board
38. Allowances
39. Inspection and Audit Department
40. Appointment of Head of Inspection and Audit Department
41. Secretary of the Bank
42. Other staff
43. Organisational structure
              Inspection and supervision of rural and community banks
44. Power of inspection and supervision
45. Rescue of failing bank
                                     Relationships
46. Inter-relationship of the Bank and the Bank of Ghana
47. The Bank and rural or community banks
48. The Bank and other banks
49. The Bank and the Association of Rural Banks
50. Bank of Ghana and rural banks
51. Bank of Ghana and the Association of Rural Banks
52. Relationship with the other banks and micro-finance institutions
53. Role of Association of Rural Banks
54. Intra rural or community banks


                                          240
                     ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006   L.I. 1825




55. Relationship of the Bank with the Government
                                   Financial matters
56. Board to approve budget for each financial year
57. Accounts and audit
58. Appointment of auditor
59. Duties and powers of an auditor
                                Miscellaneous provisions
60. Liquidation of the Bank
61. Application of seal of the Bank
62. Contracts
63. Service of documents
64. Offences
65. Protection of directors and officers
66. Disclosure of information
67. Dispute resolution
68. Rules and bye-laws
69. Interpretation
SCHEDULES




                                           241
L.I. 1825            ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006




In exercise of the powers conferred on the Minister of Finance and Economic Planning
by Section 51 of the Banking Act, 2004 (Act 673) these Regulations are made this 19th
day of October, 2006.

                            Application and incorporation

Application of Banking Act and Companies Code

    1. (1) These Regulations shall be subject to the Bank of Ghana Act, 2002, (Act
612), the Banking Act, 2004, (Act 673) and the Companies Code, 1963 (Act 179).

         (2) These Regulations apply to rural and community banks.

        (3) The Bank of Ghana may amend these Regulations in consultation with the
Minister.

        (4) The ARB Apex Bank Limited is responsible for the effective implementation
of these Regulations.

Status

     2. (1) The Bank is incorporated under the Companies Code, 1963 (Act 179) as a
public company limited by shares.

        (2) The Bank is licensed by the Bank of Ghana to carry on banking business and
other related activities approved by the Bank of Ghana.

Head office and branches

    3. (1) The head office of the Bank is in Accra.

       (2) The Bank may open branches of the Bank throughout the country subject to
the approval of the Bank of Ghana

                      Objects, functions and duties of the Bank
Objects of the Bank

    4. The objects of the Bank are to

         (a) promote the interest of the members of the Bank through

       (i) the provision of banking services; and

       (ii) the provision of related non banking services; and

       (b) engage in banking business.



                                         242
                     ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006                   L.I. 1825




Core functions

    5. To achieve its objects, the Bank shall perform the following functions under the
supervisory authority of the Bank of Ghana:

       (a) keep accounts for the members and maintain primary cash reserves in
           accordance with the Bank of Ghana’s monetary regulations;

       (b) monitor, inspect and supervise the operations of the members through off-
           site review of their prudential returns, on-site examinations and ensure
           compliance with banking laws and regulations to complement the supervisory
           role of the Bank of Ghana

       (c) lend to rural and community banks that face temporary liquidity problems;

       (d) maintain a clearing account with the Bank of Ghana and provide its
           representative capacity at each clearing house in the country

       (e) handle the cheque clearing activities of members;

       (f) provide specie management and specie movement services, to include the
           drawing of cash from the Bank of Ghana in Accra or any of its currency
           centres;

       (g) supply cash to and receive excess cash from members;

       (h) render funds management services to rural and community banks;

       (i) guarantee payment instruments issued by a member to any third party
           outside the local clearing system by allowing drafts to be drawn on the
           Bank;

       (j) provide internal audit and inspection services to the members;

       (k) identify the resource needs of members and mobilize domestic and external
           funds for on-lending to any member rural or community bank;

       (l) develop credit assessment procedures and encourage members to enforce
           them;

       (m) monitor loans and advances made by members;




                                         243
L.I. 1825            ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006




       (n) design a mechanism through which members in financial or management
           difficulties shall be supported by the Bank; and

       (o) perform any other function that is incidental to the attainment of the objects
           of the Bank.

Ancillary functions

     6. The Bank may perform non-bank support functions including but not limited to
the following:

       (a) provide training for directors and employees of the Bank and other mem-
           bers of the Bank in a manner that the Bank may consider necessary for the
           efficient performance of its functions;

       (b) establish a Rural Bank College to provide technical and professional training
           to the staff directors and members of the Bank; and

       (c) provide a deposit insurance scheme to protect the deposits of customers in
           the event of the failure of a member of the Bank.

Non-Member Customers

     7. (1) The Bank may extend its activities to non-members who are customers of a
rural or community bank and whose activities will directly benefit members of a rural or
community bank where the rural bank is located.

       (2) The Bank may promote financial intermediation services in the informal and
semi-formal micro-finance sectors.

      (3) The Bank shall prescribe guidelines to define how the Bank may deal with
non-members.

Duties

    8. The Bank shall

       (a) properly and profitably manage the funds entrusted to it by a member;

       (b) issue general rules regarding the implementation of policies and the en-
           forcement of procedures by the members;

       (c) advise the members qf its business to provide a wide range of financial
           services to the members and customers;



                                          244
                     ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006                 L.I. 1825




       (d) supervise the management and administration of the members;

       (e) disseminate knowledge and information on the services provided to its
           members;

       (f) conduct research and develop products and services,

       (g) undertake the public relations and advertising of the Bank,

       (h) relate to the following sectors;

          (i)   the public sector,

          (ii) trade and industry, and

          (iii) the banking and financial industry and

       (i) pursue programmes that will promote an integrated and sustainable rural or
           community banking system that promotes the interest of its members and
           customers.

                                     Membership

Qualification of membership

     9. Membership of the Bank is mandatory for rural and community banks established
by law and any other body or person that the Board in consultation with the Bank of
Ghana may determine.

Requirements for membership

  10. (1) The requirements for membership of the Bank are as follows:

       (a) the Regulations of a rural or community bank shall provide that the rural
           or community bank

          (i)   is authorised to purchase shares in the Bank;

          (ii) is obliged to comply with the rules, procedures and policies made by
               the Bank;

          (iii) requires the approval of the Bank to amend its regulations;




                                          245
L.I. 1825             ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006




          (iv) undertakes to participate in arrangements made to safeguard the
               fulfilment of the obligations of the Bank and those of its members;

       (b) the Board of Directors of a rural or community bank shall pass a resolution
           to authorise the purchase of the required number of shares and shall en-
           sure compliance with the other conditions of membership; and

       (c) each new rural and community bank shall subscribe fully to the shares at
           the existing par value after the establishment of the Bank.

       (2) A rural or community bank shall apply to the Bank for registration as speci-
           fied in the First Schedule.

Admission

   11. (1) Each admitted member shall file a statement of acceptance of the membership
within thirty days in the form provided in the Second Schedule and the particulars shall
be entered in the membership register of the Bank.

       (2) Further provisions concerning application for membership and other related
matters may be made by bye-laws.

Rights of members

   12. A member may

       (a) attend general meetings, submit proposals, take part in the discussions and
           exercise their voting rights,

       (b) propose the appointment or removal of the directors subject to these Regu-
           lations, the requirements of the Banking Act and the Companies Code,

       (c) receive

          (i)   the minutes of the preceding general meeting, and

          (ii) the financial accounts of the preceding financial year in accordance
               with the provisions of the Banking Act on payment of the fee involved,

       (d) inspect,

          (i)   the membership register,




                                           246
                   ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006                   L.I. 1825




        (ii) the minutes of any general meeting held in a previous year, and

        (iii) the annual accounts of any year at the offices of the Bank, free of
              charge,

     (e) access copies of or extracts from documents referred to under paragraph
         (d), on payment of the fee involved,

     (f) access the services provided by the Bank specified in these Regulations,
         and

     (g) access a share in the profits of the Bank.

Obligation of members

  13. A member shall

     (a) comply with the provisions of the Bank’s regulations, rules, bye- laws and
         the resolutions that maybe made pursuant to the regulations;

     (b) take an equal minimum share in the Bank;

     (c) not borrow funds from another bank, place deposits with another bank
         including members of the Bank, or borrow and place deposits with any
         other lender without approval from the Bank;

     (d) keep the funds which it is by law required to deposit with the Bank of Ghana
         in a current account with the Bank;

     (e) undertake to give access to the Bank to examine its account and other
         records, documents and procedures in order to ensure that acceptable
         practices and standards are maintained;

     (f) transmit copies of its annual budget together with its adopted annual accounts
         to the Bank in the form and within the period determined by the Board of
         Directors of the Bank;

     (g) co-operate generally with other members of the Bank, and refrain from
         canvassing directed at any person who resides or any business that is
         established in the operational area of any other member of the Bank within
         the framework of an integrated rural banking system;




                                        247
L.I. 1825            ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006




       (h) provide the Bank with all the statements and information which the Bank
           considers necessary in the performance of its functions and discharge of its
           duties on request;

       (i) initially invite the Bank to make an appraisal before seeking the approval of
           the Bank to open new offices, agencies, branches or mobilisation centres;

       (j) observe the solvency, liquidity and other prudential requirements and any
           other relevant additions made by the Bank of Ghana; and

       (k) undertake to participate in arrangements laid down by the Bank for
           safeguarding the continuity and solvency of the business carried on by the
           members.

Complaints

  14. (1) A member in dispute with the Bank or with another member shall fill a
complaint form as specified in the Third Schedule.

       (2) The procedure to file a complaint shall be as specified in the Fourth Schedule.

       (3) A member aggrieved by the decision taken by the Bank may appeal to the
Bank of Ghana.

Termination of membership

  15. Membership of the Bank shall terminate

       (a) on liquidation, or

       (b) on revocation of the banking licence of the member by the Bank of Ghana

Administrative sanction

   16. The Bank may impose an administrative sanction on a member for noncompli-
ance of these regulations as stipulated in the rules or bye-laws.

                         Capital, dividends and reserve funds

Authorised capital

   17. (1) The authorised capital of the Bank shall be ten million shares of no par
value.




                                          248
                     ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006                    L.I. 1825




        (2) The Board may from time to time, with the consent of the shareholders,
increase the share capital of the Bank.

Issuance of shares

  18. (1) Each rural or community bank shall subscribe to and hold an equal minimum
number of shares.

     (2) The Board may offer additional shares to a financially strong rural or
community bank.

     (3) The Board shall decide on the number of initial share offering to a rural or
community bank and shall issue those shares to the bank concerned.

       (4) A resolution to give effect to the Bank’s decision and authorisation shall be
adopted at a General Meeting on the recommendation of the Board.

        (5) A rural or community bank which is capable of maintaining the prescribed
capital adequacy ratio may subscribe fully to the shares of the Bank.

        (6) Each member shall participate in any issue received to in sub-regulation (1)
in the same proportion as existed in the preceding year.

       (7) Where a member’s membership terminates, the member’s shares shall be
taken back by the Bank against payment of the amount.

        (8) The Bank shall keep an accurate record of all the shares issued or taken
back in accordance with the regulations of the bank and the provisions of the Companies
Code.

       (9) The record shall include the date of issue and repurchase shall serve as
conclusive evidence of the member’s shareholdings.

      (10) A member shall receive a statement of the shares entered in the name of
the member in the share register at least once every year.

       (11) The liability of a holder of shares in the Bank shall be limited to the amount
unpaid on the shares held by the holder or member.

Reserve funds and dividends

   19. The Bank shall keep reserve funds and pay dividends in accordance with the
provisions of the Banking Act.




                                           249
L.I. 1825           ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006




                                   Organs of the Bank

Principal organs

   20. For the purposes of the effective performance of the functions of the Bank, it
shall have

       (a) a General Meeting of shareholders,

       (b) Extraordinary General Meeting.

       (c) a Board of Directors,

       (d) an Inspection and Internal Audit Department, and

       (e) an Inspectorate and Supervisory Department.

Meetings

   21. The convening and conduct of meetings shall be done in accordance with the
regulations of the Bank, the Companies Code and any other rules or bye-laws made by
Bank of Ghana.

Powers and functions of General Meeting of shareholders

  22. The powers and functions of the general meeting shall include the following:

       (a) the adoption and amendment of the regulations of the Bank;

       (b) the dissolution of the Bank subject to the requirements of the Banking Act;

       (c) the suspension and dismissal of members of the Board;

       (d) the adoption of the annual accounts and the declaration of dividends to be
           distributed on shares;

       (e) the approval and endorsement of the management conduct and supervi-
           sion;

       (f) the approval of the member banks’ regulations; and

       (g) the adoption of rules of procedures, stipulating among other things which
           persons other than the voting delegates may address the Meeting.




                                          250
                    ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006                  L.I. 1825



Notice

  23. Notice of a Meeting shall be given in accordance with sections 152 to 156 of the
Companies Code.

Voting rights

  24. (1) Members shall have equal voting rights.

        (2) In the absence of the chairperson of a bank, a member of the Board shall
act as a voting delegate at the General Meeting.

Resolutions

  25. (1) Members at a general meeting may pass resolutions by simple majority of
members present and voting.

       (2) Seventy five percent of the members present and voting shall be required to
pass a special resolution.

       (3) A blank vote shall not be considered to have been cast.

        (4) The chairperson shall determine the manner of voting, where the manner
for voting is not laid down in the rules of procedure.

Minutes

   26. (1) Minutes of the proceedings at meetings, shall be prepared by the Secretary
of the Bank.

       (2) The minutes shall be signed by both the chairperson of the Board and the
Secretary of the Bank and sent to members as soon as practicable.

                     Management and administrative provisions

Managing Director

   27. (1) The Bank shall have a Managing Director who is a person of recognised
financial experience appointed by the Board subject to requirements of the Banicing
Act.

       (2) The Managing Director shall be a member of the Board.

        (3) The Managing Director shall hold office for four years on the terms and
conditions that the Board may determine and shall be eligible for re-appointment for a
further period of not more than four years.



                                         251
L.I. 1825            ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006




        (4) The Managing Director is the Chief Executive of the Bank responsible for the
direction of the day to day business of the Bank.

Deputy Managing Director

   28. (1) There shall be appointed two Deputy Managing Directors.

      (2) In the absence or incapacitation of the Managing Director, the most Senior
Deputy Managing Director shall perform the duties of the Managing Director.

Delegation

   29. (1) The Managing Director may, in order to promote efficiency, delegate a function
in writing to an officer of the Bank.

      (2) The delegation of a function of the Managing Director does not relieve the
Managing Director of the ultimate responsibility of the delegated function.

Board of Directors

   30. (1) The general direction and control of the affairs and business of the Bank
shall be vested in the governing body of the Bank, a Board of Directors.

        (2) In the discharge of its duties, the Board shall act on sound commercial and
financial considerations to support the business of rural and community banks.

Composition of the Board

   31. The Board of Directors of the Bank consists of

       (a) nine representatives of rural and community banks elected to represent the
           nine chapters of the Association of Rural Banks,

       (b) one representative of the Ministry of Finance,

       (c) one representative of the Bank of Ghana,

       (d) one representative of the National Council of the Association of Rural Banks,
           and

       (e) the Managing Director of the Bank.

Appointment of directors

   32. The Bank shall, with the approval of the Bank of Ghana, appoint other Directors
for the Bank.


                                          252
                      ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006                    L.I. 1825




Qualification for appointment as director

    33. A person shall not qualify for appointment as Director of the Bank or continue in
office as a Director of the Bank if that person

       (a) has been declared insolvent or bankrupt under any enactment,

       (b) is of unsound mind or incapable of carrying out official duties,

       (c) is convicted of a crime or any offence involving fraud, dishonesty or moral
           turpitude,

       (d) is disqualified or suspended from practicing a profession in Ghana or in any
           other country by an order of a competent authority,

       (e) is disqualified on any grounds under the Banking Acts of Ghana, and

       (f) is not resident in the country.

Tenure of office of directors

    34. (1) A Director shall hold office for a period of not more than three years and is
eligible for re-appointment but that Director shall not be appointed for more than two
terms.

       (2) A Director may at any time resign from office in writing addressed to the
chairperson of the Bank.

       (3) A person shall cease to be a director when the person ceases to belong to
the organisation that person represents, or ceases to be a director of a rural or community
bank or Managing Director of the Bank.

       (4) A Director who ceases to belong to an organisation may serve the fill term
on the authorisation of the organisation the Director represents

       (5) The Board shall appoint a person to act in the place of a Director in the
absence of a Director from the country or if the Director is incapacitated by illness from
performing the functions of the Director.

       (6) A person appointed to act in the place of a Director shall hold office

       (a) for the unexpired portion of the Director’s term of office, or

       (b) until the Board is satisfied that the incapacity of the person concerned has
           ceased.


                                             253
L.I. 1825             ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006




Functions of the Board

  35. (1) The Board shall ensure that any application for financial accommodation is
dealt with and considered strictly on financial and economic merit to ensure that the
bank

       (a) performs its functions and conducts its affairs in accordance with sound
           business, financial and administrative standards and practices; and

       (b) takes measures that are necessary to ensure that any financial assistance
           rendered by the Bank to any member is utilised for the intended purpose.

       (2) The Board shall formulate borrowing and lending policies for the Bank.

        (3) The Board may propose to any rural or community bank or the Bank of
Ghana, measures for the efficient and-profitable management or operation of a rural
bank and the proposals may include mergers, acquisitions, amalgamations and recon-
structions.

       (4) For purposes of this regulation, financial accommodation means financial
assistance in times of liquidity crisis or financial distress.

Disclosure of interest

   36. (1) The Bank shall not invest or engage in a financial transaction with an enter-
prise in which a director of the bank is a partner, director or shareholder, or is directly or
indirectly interested in.

         (2) A Director who has an interest in a matter for the consideration of the Board
shall disclose in writing the nature of the interest and is disqualified from participating
in deliberations on the matter.

Meetings of the Board

   37. (1) The chairperson of the Board shall summon meetings of the Board for the
despatch of business once every three months at the times and in the places determined
by the chairperson.

       (2) The chairperson shall at the request in writing of not less than one third of
the membership of the Board convene an extraordinary meeting of the Board at the
place and time determined by the chairperson.

       (3) The quorum at a meeting of the Board shall be seven members of the
Board, including any substitute and alternate Directors.


                                            254
                     ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006                   L.I. 1825




        (4) The chairperson shall preside at meetings of the Board and in the absence
of the chairperson a member of the Board elected by the members present from among
their number shall preside.

       (5) Matters before the Board shall be decided by a majority of the members
present and voting and in the event of an equality of votes the person presiding shall
have a casting vote.

       (6) The Board may co-opt a person to attend a Board meeting as an adviser but
that person shall not have the right to vote on a matter for decision at the meeting.

      (7) The proceedings of the Board shall not be invalidated by reason of a vacancy
among the members or a defect in the appointment or qualification of a member.

Allowances

   38. Members of the Board shall be paid fees and other allowances that may be
determined from time to time by ordinary resolution at a General Meeting.

Inspection and Internal Audit Department

  39. The Board shall set up an Inspection and Internal Audit Department for the
Bank.

Appointment of Head of Inspection and Internal Audit Department

  40. (1) The Board shall appoint a person as Head of the Inspection and Internal
Audit Department.

       (2) The Head of the Inspection and Internal Audit Department is answerable to
the Board in the performance of functions under these regulations.

        (3) The Head of the Inspection and Internal Audit Department shall prepare
quarterly reports on the inspection and internal audit work carried out during the period
of three months immediately before the preparation of the report and submit a copy of
the report to the Board and the Managing Director.

       (4) The Head of the Inspection and Internal Audit Department shall state in
each report the observations for the conduct of the financial affairs of the Bank during
the period to which the report relates.

Secretary of the Bank

   41. (1) The Bank shall have a Secretary who shall act as Secretary to the Board.


                                          255
L.I. 1825             ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006




        (2) Subject to the directions of the Board, the Secretary shall arrange the business
of the Bank and keep the books and proper records of meetings and correspondence of
the Board.

        (3) The Secretary shall also perform any other function that the Board may in
writing direct or the Managing Director may in writing delegate to the Secretary.

       (4) The Secretary shall be assisted in the discharge of the duties by employees
of the Bank that the Board may, on the recommendations of the Managing Director
determine.

Other staff

   42. (1) The Bank shall engage other employees as may be necessary for the efficient
discharge of the objects and functions of the Bank.

      (2) The staff shall hold office on the terms and conditions the Board may
determine.

      (3) The Bank may also engage the services of consultants and advisers on the
recommendations of the Managing Director.

      (4) The Board is responsible for the appointment, discipline and removal of
employees of the Bank in accordance with the policies of the Bank.

Organisational structure

   43. The organisational structure of the Bank comprises the following departments:

       (a) Banking Operations;

       (b) Inspection and Internal Audit;

       (c) Human Resources & Administration;

       (d) Training

       (e) Finance and Treasury;

       (f) Legal, Regulatory and Compliance;

       (g) Credits;

       (h) Information Communication Technology,


                                           256
                      ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006                   L.I. 1825




      (i) Marketing, Research and New Product Development;

      (j) Inspectorate and Supervisory; and

      (k) any other department that the Board may consider convenient for the effi-
          cient performance of the functions of the Bank.

                Inspection and supervision of rural and community banks

Power of inspection and supervision

   44. (1) The Bank shall inspect and supervise the management and operations of
rural and community banks for the purpose of complementing the supervisory work of
the Bank of Ghana.

      (2) In the performance of these functions, the Bank has the power to

      (a) monitor the reserve and liquidity requirements of each rural and community
          bank,

      (b) examine and analyse copies of prudential return,

      (c) monitor the observance of capital adequacy ratio and minimum capital
          requirements, risk exposure limits, investments, reserve funds, dividend
          payments and any other prudential requirements,

      (d) monitor the activities of agencies of the rural and community banks and
          appraise applications for the opening of agencies, subject to the final approval
          by the Bank of Ghana,

      (e) approve loans granted to directors of rural and community banks and take
          any appropriate action, in addition to those required to be taken by the rural
          and community banks, to ensure repayment,

      (f) issue directives to rural and community banks generally or to a particular
          rural or community bank where the Bank is of the opinion that it is necessary

          (i)    to secure proper management,

          (ii) to prevent the affairs of a bank being conducted in a manner detrimental
               to the interests of depositors or prejudicial to the interests of the Bank,
               or

          (iii) in the interests of banking policy, and


                                          257
L.I. 1825            ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006




       (g) prescribe the necessary incentives for member banks either on case-by-
           case basis or generally in respect of compliance with banking policies, rules
           and regulations.

        (3) A rural or community bank which does not comply with the Bank’s directives
shall be liable to pay any penalty prescribed by the rules of the Bank approved by the
Bank of Ghana.

        (4) A director or officer of a rural or community bank who does not comply with
the directives of the Bank is jointly liable with the bank for contravention of the bye-
laws.

        (5) The Bank may propose to the Bank of Ghana other penalties and sanctions
that may be imposed on a rural and community bank for the breaches of banking
regulations and on approval by the Bank of Ghana, the affected bank shall enforce the
rules relating to the fines and penalties alongside those made by the Bank of Ghana
and report the outcome to the Bank of Ghana.

       (6) Prior to the enforcement of any new fines or other sanctions, the Bank shall
explain to the member banks the requirement for the fines or sanctions and the nature
and effect of the rules.

Rescue of failing bank

    45. (1) Where in the opinion of the Bank, a rural or community bank fails to comply
with the prudential requirements and the failure suggests that the bank in question is
likely to run into a distress status, the Bank shall immediately inform the Bank of
Ghana, and initiate appropriate action.

       (2) The actions that may be taken by the Bank may include corporate financial
restructuring of the affected bank subject to the approval of the Bank of Ghana

                                     Relationships

Inter-relationship of the Bank and the Bank of Ghana

   46. (1) The Bank of Ghana shall license rural and community banks and supervise
their management and operations.

       (2) Subject to the powers and functions of the Bank of Ghana under the
Constitution or any other enactment, the Bank of Ghana may delegate specified
supervisory functions to the Bank to,

       (a) maintain the primary cash reserve of the rural and community banks,



                                          258
                    ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006                  L.I. 1825




       (b) monitor, inspect examine and supervise rural and community banks in
           accordance with relevant rules, regulations and policies,

       (c) lend to rural and community banks facing temporary liquidity problems, and

       (d) provide specie movements and management services.

   (3) In furtherance of the efficient performance of the supervisory duties and other
functions, the Bank shall

       (a) open a clearing account with the Bank of Ghana,

       (b) submit periodic prudential returns to the Bank of Ghana,

       (c) comply with relevant enactments and rules made by the Bank of Ghana,

       (d) undertake the supervisory functions delegated to it by these Regulations,

       (e) collaborate with the Banking Supervision Department and the Treasury
           Department of the Bank of Ghana in monitoring and supervising the rural
           and community banks, and

       (f) perform any other functions incidental to the performance of its specified
           supervisory functions or assigned to it by the Bank of Ghana.

The Bank and rural or community banks

  47. (1) The Bank shall provide for rural and community banks the following services:

       (a) open current and other interest bearing accounts;

       (b) provide cheque clearing services;

       (c) provide specie movement and specie management services;

       (d) monitor, inspect, examine, audit and supervise the management and
           operations;

       (e) keep and maintain the primary and secondary reserves;

       (f) manage funds deposited with the Bank;

       (g) lend monies to meet temporary liquidity problems;

       (h) provide guarantee support;


                                         259
L.I. 1825            ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006




       (i) arrange funds from international banks and financial institutions for on-
           lending to the rural and community banks;

       (j) offer training to directors and staff of these banks;

       (k) organise deposit insurance facilities to protect the deposits of rural bank
           customers; and

       (l) provide any other banking service that may promote the viability and
           sustainability of the rural and community banks.

       (2) The rural and community banks shall:

       (a) be shareholders of the Bank;

       (b) participate in the appointment and removal of the directors of the Bank

       (c) be customers of the Bank;

       (d) in addition to returns required by the Bank of Ghana submit prudential
           returns to the Bank;

       (e) comply with all banking laws and regulations,

       (f) provide access to the Bank when discharging its duties under these Regu-
           lations or any other enactment; and

       (g) co-operate with the Bank to achieve its objectives.

The Bank and other banks

  48. The Bank shall maintain a normal banking relationship with other banks in the
banking industry.

The Bank and the Association of Rural Banks

   49. (1) The Bank may be a banker for the Association of Rural Banks.

       (2) The Bank may seek the opinion of the Association of Rural Banks in designing
projects for the member banks.

       (3) The Association of Rural Banks may provide advice to a rural and community
bank or any member bank in respect of the rural banking system and the Bank may
consider the advice and provide a feedback to the Association.



                                          260
                     ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006                   L.I. 1825




      (4) The Association shall furnish the Bank with reports on its activities for any
necessary action.

      (5) The Association shall supervise meetings of its regional chapters convened
purposely for the election of Directors to the Board.

       (6) The Association shall deal with any relevant matter referred to it by the Bank
for advice.

        (7) The Association shall collaborate with the Bank to achieve the goal of an
efficient, effective and integrated rural banking system.

       (8) The Bank shall support the activities of the Association of Rural Banks with
annual grants in accordance with its donations policy as determined by the Board.

Bank of Ghana and rural banks

   50. (1) The Bank of Ghana shall continue to exercise primary supervisory powers
over rural and community banks and in particular, reserves the right to

       (a) license new rural banks,

       (b) revoke banking licences,

       (c) issue prudential regulations and other regulatory instructions to every rural
           and community bank,

       (d) receive from rural and community banks prudential returns, and to analyse
           them,

       (e) monitor, examine, inspect and supervise the management and operations
           of the banks, and

       (f) ensure compliance with banking policies, laws and regulations.

       (2) The Bank shall

       (a) examine the feasibility report presented by the promoters of a rural or com-
           munity bank to determine its viability for the grant of a banking licence by
           the Bank of Ghana, and

       (b) inform the Bank of Ghana about malpractices of any rural or community
           bank which is likely to result in the suspension or revocation of the licence



                                          261
L.I. 1825            ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006




           of the rural or community bank.

       (3) A rural or community bank shall in its relationship with Bank of Ghana

       (a) submit periodically to the Bank of Ghana statutory prudential returns,

       (b) comply with the recommendations of the central supervisory agents of the
           Bank of Ghana, namely the Banking Supervision Department and the Trea-
           sury Department, and

       (c) comply with the relevant banking enactments, policies, regulations and
           directives issued by the Bank of Ghana.

Bank of Ghana and the Association of Rural Banks

   51. (1) The Bank of Ghana shall continue to recognize the existence of and collaborate
with the Association of Rural Banks as a voluntary non-profit organization established
to promote and protect the interest of rural and community banks.

        (2) The Bank of Ghana may continue to support programmes of the Association
in the promotion of activities related to rural and community banking.

      (3) The Association shall, submit to the Bank of Ghana reports of its activities
and annual programmes for consideration, guidance and support where necessary.

Relationship with other banks and micro-finance institutions

   52. (1) The Bank may keep accounts with a bank in the country or in any other
country and may receive from that bank overdrafts, loans or any other financial
accommodation.

       (2) The Bank may, subject to the provisions of these Regulations, seek the co-
operation of, and co-operate with, other banks in the country where necessary.

       (3) The Bank may appoint a bank within the country or in any other country, or
branches of any bank to act as the Bank’s agent for the furtherance of the Bank’s
business and the Bank may also act as the agent of any other bank.

       (4) The Bank shall promote financial intermediation services in the informal and
semi-formal micro-finance sectors including forward and backward linkages.

Role of Association of Rural Banks

  53. The Association of Rural Banks shall among other functions contained in its
Constitution, perform the following roles for the rural and community banks:

       (a) advocacy role;


                                          262
                     ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006                    L.I. 1825



       (b) provide a forum for rural and community banks to share ideas and experi-
           ence;

       (c) resolve disputes between member banks;

       (d) provide advisory services; and

       (e) undertake activities that are outside the legal purview set for the Bank but
           fall within the focus of rural and community banking, including the education
           of communities on issues relating to rural banking.

Intra-rural or community banks

   54. (1) The rural and community banks shall consider themselves owners and
customers of the Bank with a common interest and goal.

       (2) The rural and community banks shall maintain normal banking relations and
collaborate with each other to the extent that an activity shall not conflict with the
powers, functions and duties of the Bank or its organisation and management structures.

Relationship of the Bank with the Government

   55. The Bank may act generally as agent for the Government or for any statutory
corporation, company or district assembly in accordance with these Regulations.

                                    Financial matters

Board to approve budget for each financial year

   56. (1) The Managing Director shall, not less than two months before the com-
mencement of each financial year, cause to be prepared budgetary proposals for the
year for consideration of the Board.

       (2) The Board shall consider the proposals by the first day of the financial year
to which the budget relates and subject to any modifications to be determined by the
Board, approve an annual budget of the Bank for that financial year.

       (3) Within the first financial year of the Bank, the Managing Director shall submit
the proposals within two months after the date of commencement of business by the
Bank.

Accounts and audit

   57. (1) The Board shall keep books of accounts and proper records in relation to
them.


                                           263
L.I. 1825            ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006




       (2) The account of the bank shall be balanced on the last day of each financial
year and shall be audited by the external auditor of the Bank.

        (3) The annual statement of account as audited shall be signed by the chairperson
of the Board and any other director of the Bank and shall be forwarded to the Bank of
Ghana within three months after the commencement of the succeeding financial year.

       (4) The annual statement of account shall give a true and fair view of the
audited accounts of the bank for the period to which it relates.

       (5) The Bank shall

       (a) exhibit throughout the year in a conspicuous manner in each office or branch
           of the Bank a copy of the last audited accounts,

       (b) within three months after the end of the financial year submit the audited
           accounts to the shareholders at a general meeting and cause a copy of the
           audited accounts to be published in a daily newspaper circulating in the
           country, and

       (c) not later than twenty one days before the date of the general meeting send
           a copy of the audited accounts to each person entitled to attend the meet-
           ing.

Appointment of auditor

   58. (1) The Board shall appoint an auditor prior to the first Annual General Meeting
and the remuneration shall be fixed at an Annual General Meeting of shareholders of
the Bank.
       (2) An auditor appointed under these Regulations may be a customer of a mem-
ber bank.

        (3) A director or employee of the Bank shall not be eligible to be appointed as
auditor.

        (4) Where the auditor is for any reason unable to act, the Board may appoint
another auditor to act until a new auditor is elected at an Annual General Meeting or
until the Bank of Ghana appoints an auditor under section 75 of the Banking Act.

       (5) An auditor may be eligible for re-election.

       (6) A person shall not qualify to be appointed as an auditor under this regulation
unless that person is qualified in accordance with section 74 (3) of the Banking Act.

        (7) The auditor appointed by the Board shall cease to act as an auditor in any of
the circumstances referred to in section 80 of the Banking Act.


                                          264
                     ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006                    L.I. 1825



Duties and powers of an auditor

   59. (1) The Managing Director shall ensure that in the discharge functions under
these Regulations, the auditor of the Bank has access at reasonable times to the books,
accounts and other documents of the Bank.

       (2) The auditor may at the expense of the Bank employ an accountant or any
other person to assist in examining the accounts of the Bank.

         (3) The auditor shall submit an audit report on the account audited to the
Board.

        (4) The auditor shall make a report to the shareholders on the annual statement
of accounts and indicate whether the balance sheet is fair, contains the necessary
particulars and properly drawn up to exhibit the transparent state of the Bank’s affairs
and, where the auditor has called for an explanation or information from the Board,
indicate whether the report given by the Board is satisfactory.

       (5) A report made to the shareholders shall be read together with the report of
the Board at the Annual General Meeting.

         (6) An auditor appointed by the Board or elected at an Annual General Meeting
is entitled to have access to all notices and other communications relating to any general
meeting by the Bank which a shareholder of the Bank and is entitled to receive and
shall be entitled to attend any meeting and be heard on any part of the business of the
meeting which concerns the auditor but shall not vote on any matter before the meeting.

                                Miscellaneous provisions

Liquidation of the Bank

   60. The Bank shall be placed in 1iqidation subject to these Regulations, the Banking
Act and any other enactment.

Application of seal of the Bank

   61. (1) The application of the common seal of the Bank to a document shall be
authenticated if signed by the Managing Director and witnessed by the Secretary of the
Bank.

      (2) The signatures of the Managing Director and the two other directors shall be
independent of the signature of any other person who is required or authorised to sign
a document as a witness.




                                           265
L.I. 1825            ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006




Contracts

   62. (1) A contract on behalf of the Bank maybe entered into by

       (a) individual persons which by law shall be in writing and under seal, maybe
           entered into and on behalf of the Bank in writing under the common seal of
           the Bank;

       (b) individual persons which by law shall be in writing, signed by the parties to
           be responsible and may on behalf of the Bank be entered into in writing and
           signed by a person acting under the Bank’s express or implied authority; or

       (c) individual persons by parol on behalf of the Bank by any person acting
           under its express or implied authority.

        (2) A contract entered into shall bind the Bank, its successors and other parties
to the contract.

       (3) A contract may be varied or discharged in the same manner in which it is
required to be made.

        (4) The Bank may, in writing under its common seal empower a person, generally
or in respect of any specified matter, as an attorney to execute deeds on behalf of the
Bank at anyplace.

        (5) A deed signed by an attorney on behalf of the Bank and under the attorney’s
seal, bind the Bank and has the same effect as if it were under the Bank’s common seal.

Service of documents

    63. A document may be served on the Bank by leaving the document at or sending
it by registered post to the Head Office of the Bank or at the Bank’s regional branches.

Offences

  64. (1) A person shall not obstruct or refuse to co-operate with any adjudicating
panel in the performance its functions under these Regulations.

        (2) A person who contravenes sub-regulation (1) commits an offence and is
liable on summary conviction to a fine of not more than two hundred penalty units or a
term of imprisonment of not more than one year or to both.

Protection of directors and officers

  65. Subject to any other enactment, a director, officer or other employee of the
Bank shall not be liable for an act done in good faith in the performance of functions
under these Regulations.


                                          266
                      ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006                    L.I. 1825



Disclosure of information

    66. A person, who participates in the decision, administration, control and the
management of the Bank, shall not disclose any written or oral information which the
person has obtained by virtue of a function under these Regulations, unless the person
is ordered to give evidence in a court or to fulfill an obligation imposed by law or in the
discharge of that duty.

Dispute resolution

   67. Where a member is aggrieved by a decision taken by the Board under these
Regulations and the matter cannot be resolved amicably, the matter may be settled by
arbitration under the Arbitration Act 1961 (Act 38) or any other enactment concerned
with arbitration.

Rules and bye-laws

   68. (1) The Board may make rules or bye-laws on any matter for the implementation
of these Regulations.

       (2) Without limiting the scope of sub-regulation (1), rules or bye-laws may
provide for any of the following matters:

       (a) the conditions, subject to which the shares of the Bank maybe held and
           transferred;

       (b) matters that relate to the rights and duties of the shareholders;

       (c) the duties and powers of the chairperson;

       (d) the manner, conditions and terms of issue and redemption of funds and
           debentures;

       (e) the conditions on which advances, loans and credits may be granted to

           (i)   a person who performs a function under these Regulations, and

           (ii) an individual with whom a co-operative society and any other body
                corporate with which the relative of the person is connected as a partner,
                director, manager, servant, or shareholder;

       (f) the conduct of business at meetings of the Board and the committees;

       (g) the procedure for the recovery of loans and other debts including those
           owed to the Bank;


                                           267
L.I. 1825           ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006




      (h) the disclosure of interest, direct or indirect, of a Director in an application
          for a loan;

      (i) the recruitment of the employees of the Bank, the terms and conditions of
          service, the constitution and management of provident funds for the em-
          ployees of the Bank;

      (j) the duties and conduct of employees and agents; and

      (k) the form of returns and statements.

Interpretation

  69. In these Regulations, unless the context otherwise requires

      “ARB Apex Bank Limited” means the Bank established through incorporation
         under the Companies Code, 1963 (Act 179) and licensed by the Bank of
         Ghana referred to as “ARB Apex Bank Limited”,

      “Association of Rural Banks” means the voluntary non-profit organization formed
          by rural and community banks to promote common interests, referred to as
          the “ARB” or the “the Association”,

      “Bank” means the Apex Bank;

      “Banking Act” means the Banking Act, 2004 (Act 673);

      “bank” means a rural or community bank which is a member of the Apex Bank;

      “Board” means the Board of Directors of the ARB Apex Bank Limited;

      “capital adequacy” means the ratio of the adjusted capital base to the adjusted
          risk assets of a bank as computed under the provisions of the Banking Act
          2004;

      “catchment areas” means the accepted geographical areas of operation of a
          rural or community bank as determined by the Bank of Ghana;

      “Companies Code” means the Companies Code 1963 (Act 179);

      “District Assembly” includes a Municipal and Metropolitan Assembly,

      “fund management service” means the investment of financial resources by the
          Bank on behalf of the rural and community banks;

      “member” means a rural or community bank which is a shareholder of the ARB


                                         268
              ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006                   L.I. 1825



    Apex Bank and any institution permitted by these Regulation to hold shares
    in the Bank;

“micro finance” means the financing of small-and micro-scale enterprises and
   low income earning individuals;

“Minister” means the Minister responsible for Finance;

“prudential regulations” means regulations that derive from the Banking Act,
    2004 (Act 673) and aimed at ensuring that banks are operated prudently in
    conformity with set limits and ratios;

“prudential requirement” means any limit or ratio set under the prudential
    regulations;

“prudential returns” means periodic statements of amounts, statistics and ratios
    required to be submitted to a supervisory authority by regulated institutions;

“Regional Chapter” means the intermediate body of rural bank directors that
   represent the interests of a cluster of rural and community banks in a region;

“reserve funds” means the account that holds the percentage of annual profits
    that has to be ‘ploughed back’ into the banks operation and is not available
    for paying dividends;

“risk exposure limits” means any limit set under the prudential regulation to
    limit single customer, single group, single currency or total foreign currency
    exposures of a bank;

“rural bank”, includes a community bank, which is a unit bank promoted, owned
    and managed by individual persons and located essentially in rural
    communities and licensed by the Bank of Ghana;

“specie management services” means service offered by the Bank to rural or
    community banks aimed at the determination and maintenance of efficient
    cash holdings and of adequate insurance policies;

“specie movement services” means the timely and efficient delivery of and
    evacuation of cash to or from a rural or community bank by the bank; and

“voting delegate” means the mandated manager or board member empowered
    to vote at the Annual General Meeting of the Bank on behalf of a rural or
    community bank.


                                   269
L.I. 1825                   ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006




                                                  SCHEDULES
                                              FIRST SCHEDULE
                                             (Regulation 10 (2))
ARB APEX BANK LIMITED
APPLICATION FOR MEMBERSHIP OF THE
ARE APEX BANK LIMITED
The ................................................................................Rural and Community Bank
wishes to apply for membership of the ARB Apex Bank Limited.

For this purpose we provide you with the following particulars and documents of our
bank.

A. PARTICULARS

    1. Date of establishment of bank:.......................................................................

    2. Postal Address:..............................................................................................

    3. Location:.....................................................................................................

    4. Telephone No.:..............................................................................................

    5. Fax No:........................................................................................................

        Email Address:...............................................................................................

    6. Total Capital:..................................................................................................

    7. Reserve Fund:.................................................................................................

    8. Capital Adequacy Ratio:..................................................................................

    9. Value of Total Assets:....................................................................................

    10. No. of Shareholders of the bank:....................................................................

    11. No. of Court Cases pending against the bank:..................................................




                                                        270
                              ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006                                          L.I. 1825



12. Names and addresses of current Directors:
     (a) ....................................................................................................................
     (b) ....................................................................................................................
     (c) ....................................................................................................................
     (d) ....................................................................................................................
     (e) ....................................................................................................................
     (f) ....................................................................................................................
     (g) ....................................................................................................................
     (h) ....................................................................................................................
13. Names and addreses of External Auditors:.........................................................
..............................................................................................................................
..............................................................................................................................
B. DOCUMENTS
     Copies of the underlisted documents are herewith attached:
     (a) Certificate of Incorporation
     (b) Certificate to Commence Business
     (c) Operating Banking Licence
     (d) Current Audited Report of the Accounts and affairs of the bank.
     (e) Resolution of shareholders supporting the application.
   We solemnly and sincerely declare that the information and records provided are
true and correct.

   We also undertake to be bound by all laws, regulations, rules or bye-laws and
guidelines governing the ARB Apex Bank Limited arrangements should the bank’s
application be accepted.

Signature:................................................            Signature:........................................
Name:.....................................................            Name:.............................................
Chairperson                                                           Manager/Secretary:...........................
Board of Directors

Date:......................................................


                                                            271
L.I. 1825                     ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006




                                                SECOND SCHEDULE
                                                 (Regulation 11(1))

ARB APEX BANK LIMITED

The Chairman
Board of Directors
ARB Apex Bank Limited
Accra

ARB APEX BANK LIMITED
STATEMENT OF ACCEPTANCE


BY ....................................................................................RURAL AND COMMUNITY
BANK

Following the approval of our bank’s application for membership of the ARB Apex Bank
Limited by our Board of Directors, we write to accept the terms and conditions govern-
ing the membership.

We enclose our cheque in favour of the ARB Apex Bank Limited for the sum of ............
..............................................................................................................................
.......................................(¢....................................................................................)
in payment of the shares issued to our bank.

We request that you enter our bank’s name in the register of members of the ARB Apex
Bank Limited and forward to our above address a share certificate in respect of the
issued shares.

Signature:................................................            Signature:........................................
Name:.....................................................            Name:.............................................
Chairperson:............................................              Manager/Secretary:...........................

Date:......................................................           Date:...............................................




                                                            272
                             ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006                                          L.I. 1825



                                                THIRD SCHEDULE
                                               (Regulation 14 (1))

                                              COMPLAINT FORM
........................................................................................................(Complainant)
                                                           and
..........................................................................................................(Respondent)
1. (a) Full Name of complainant:...........................................................................
    (b) Postal AddressL:..........................................................................................
    (c) Telephone No..............................................................................................
    (d) Fax No........................................................................................................
    (e) E-mail Address:...........................................................................................
    (f) Official Address:...........................................................................................
2. (a) Name of Respondent:...................................................................................
    (b) Postal Address:............................................................................................
    (c) Telephone No.:............................................................................................
    (d) Fax No.:........................................................................................................
    (e) E-mail Address:..........................................................................................
    (f) Official Address:...........................................................................................
3. Summary of complaint:......................................................................................
    ........................................................................................................................
    ........................................................................................................................
    ........................................................................................................................
4. Nature of harm suffered by complainant:............................................................
    ........................................................................................................................
    ........................................................................................................................
5. Relief sought:.....................................................................................................
    ........................................................................................................................

    ........................................................................................................................

                                                          273
L.I. 1825                     ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006




                                                DECLARATION

         I, being an authorised Director/Officer of the ......................................... bank,

hereby declare that the above particulars are to the best of my knowledge correct.



.............................................
     (Signature of Applicant)


Dated the ...............................................day of ........................................20 ........




                                                      274
                     ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006                   L.I. 1825



                                  FOURTH SCHEDULE
                                  (Regulation 14 (2))

                       PROCEDURE TO FILE A COMPLAINT

In exercise of the powers conferred on the Banking Supervision Department of the
Bank of Ghana (referred to as “the BSD”) to adjudicate on disputes between the Bank
and its members, the Bank and its members shall follow the procedure outlined below:

1. Form of complaint

    (1) A member of the bank may file a complaint against another member with the
Association of Rural Banks.

    (2) A member may file a complaint against the Bank with the BSD.

     (3) A complaint to either the ARB or BSD shall be in writing, addressed respectively
to the President of the ARB or the Head of BSD and in the format provided in the Third
Schedule.

2. Contents of complaints

       A complaint lodged with either the ARB or BSD shall contain:

           (a) the full name and contact address of the complainant;

           (b) the member against whom the complaint is made;

           (c) particulars of the nature of the complaint together with copies of any
               document in support of the complaint;

           (d) the nature of the injustice or harm that the complainant has suffered as
               a result of the action, inaction or omission of the person against whom
               the complaint is made;

           (e) the relief sought by the complainant; and

           (f) any other matter relevant to the complaint.

3. Procedure for complaint

   (1) The BSD may use the services of an expert to assist in the resolution of a
       complaint.



                                          275
L.I. 1825            ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006




   (2) Where a complaint is made against a person, the BSD shall cause a copy of the
       complaint to be sent to the person against whom the complaint is made within
       seven days after the date of receipt of the complaint.

   (3) The person against whom a complaint is made shall within fourteen days after
       the date of receipt of the complaint or a further period that the BSD may specific
       submit its response to the BSD.

4. Initial settlement of complaint

   (1) The BSD shall make a preliminary enquiry into the complaint.

   (2) If the BSD considers that the complaint maybe mediated upon and settled, it
       shall invite the parties concerned and initiate a settlement of the complaint.

   (3) If the complaint cannot be settled, the BSD shall follow the procedure for a
       formal hearing of the complaint as provided in these Regulations and in this
       Schedule.

5. Formal hearing of complaint

   (1) For the purposes of making a full enquiry by formal hearing into a complaint, the
       BSD shall in writing invite:

       (a) the complainant;

       (b) the person against whom the complaint is made; and

       (c) any other person considered relevant to the complaint by the BSD to appear
           before it at a date, time and place specified in the notice.

   (2) The date for attendance at the formal hearing shall be not less than fourteen
       days after the date of notice.

   (3) A person appearing before the BSD to answer a complaint shall:

       (a) take an oath or affirm the faith;

       (b) be informed again of the particulars of the complaint and the relief sought;
           and

       (c) be afforded full opportunity to answer the complaint.




                                          276
                   ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006                   L.I. 1825




  (4) Persons appearing before the BSD shall appear themselves or maybe represented
      by counsel or another expert.

  (5) The BSD shall take a decision on the complaint and keep a record of the
      proceedings.

6. Panel for formal hearing

  (1) The Head of BSD shall constitute a panel to conduct a formal hearing of a
      complaint.

  (2) The panel shall comprise at least three and not more than five persons one of
      whom shall be a lawyer.

  (3) The chairperson of the panel shall be the Head of BSD, the deputy or a lawyer

  (4) A person appearing before a panel may raise an objection to membership of the
      panel to the chairperson for determination.

  (5) Any question before a panel shall be determined by a majority of the members
      present and voting.

7. Conduct of formal hearing

  (1) Subject to paragraph 5, the formal hearing shall be conducted with fairness and
      impartiality and the panel may order the production of any information or
      document from any of the parties.

  (2) The panel shall regulate the course of proceedings and conduct of the parties
      and their representatives and may question any person or enquire into any
      matter related to the complaint.

  (3) The panel shall make full report to the Head of BSD of a formal hearing and shall
      include its recommendations for the resolution of the complaint.

8. Action by BSD

  (1) The Head of BSD shall consider the report and may accept, reject or modify the
      recommendations.

  (2) If the BSD rejects the recommendations it may ask for further enquiry or give
      directions to any of the parties to the dispute.




                                        277
L.I. 1825           ARB Apex Bank Ltd. Regulations, 2006




9. Enforcement of decisions or directives

    The BSD may exercise a power conferred on it by statute or apply to the High Court
for the enforcement of its decisions or directives.



                        HON. KWADWO BAAH WIREDU (M.P)
                     Minister for Finance and Economic Planning


                 Date of Gazette notification: 3rd November, 2006.

                       Entry into force: 12th December, 2006.




                                         278
