P9
      Monetary Authority of Singapore




        GUIDELINES TO
     MAS NOTICE SFA04-N02
      ON PREVENTION OF
      MONEY LAUNDERING
     AND COUNTERING THE
        FINANCING OF
          TERRORISM


           TABLE OF CONTENTS


1      Introduction ...................................................................................................... 1

2      Notice Paragraph 2 – Definitions, Clarifications and Examples ....................... 5

4      Notice Paragraph 4 – Assessing Risks and Applying a Risk-Based Approach 8

5      Notice Paragraph 5 – New Products, Practices and Technologies ................ 13

6      Notice Paragraph 6 – Customer Due Diligence ............................................. 14

7      Notice Paragraph 7 – Simplified Customer Due Diligence ............................. 27

8      Notice Paragraph 8 – Enhanced Customer Due Diligence ............................ 29

9      Notice Paragraph 9 – Reliance on Third Parties ............................................ 35

10     Notice Paragraph 10 – Correspondent Accounts........................................... 37

13     Notice Paragraph 13– Suspicious Transactions Reporting............................ 39

14     Notice Paragraph 14 – Internal Policies, Compliance, Audit and Training ..... 41

I      Other Key Topics – Guidance to CMIs on Proliferation Financing ................. 45

II     Useful Links ................................................................................................... 48

APPENDIX A – Examples of CDD Information for Customers (Including Legal

                    Persons / Arrangements) ................................................................ 49

APPENDIX B – Examples of Suspicious Transactions ............................................ 52



For ease of reference, the chapter numbers in these Guidelines mirror the
corresponding paragraph numbers in the Notice [MAS Notice SFA04-N02 on
Prevention of Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism –
Capital Markets Intermediaries] (e.g. Chapter 2 of the Guidelines provides guidance
in relation to paragraph 2 of the Notice). Not every paragraph in the Notice has a
corresponding paragraph in these Guidelines and this explains why not all chapter
numbers are utilised in these Guidelines.




1       Introduction

1-1     These Guidelines provide guidance to all holders of a capital markets services
        licence, all fund management companies registered under paragraph 5(1)(i) of
        the Second Schedule to the Securities and Futures (Licensing and Conduct of
        Business) Regulations and all persons exempted under paragraph 7(1)(b) of the
        Second Schedule to the Securities and Futures (Licensing and Conduct of
        Business) Regulations from having to hold a capital markets services licence
        (collectively “CMIs”) on some of the requirements in MAS Notice SFA04-N02 on
        Prevention of Money Laundering and Countering the Financing Of Terrorism –
        Capital Markets Intermediaries (“the Notice”). These Guidelines should be read in
        conjunction with the Notice.

1-2     The expressions used in these Guidelines have the same meanings as those
        found in the Notice, except where expressly defined in these Guidelines or where
        the context otherwise requires. For the purposes of these Guidelines, a reference
        to “CDD measures” shall mean the measures as required by paragraphs 6, 7 and
        8 of the Notice.

1-3     The degree of observance with these Guidelines by a CMI may have an impact
        on the Authority’s overall risk assessment of the CMI, including the quality of its
        board and senior management oversight, governance, internal controls and risk
        management.


1-4     Key Concepts

        Money Laundering
1-4-1   Money laundering (“ML”) is a process intended to mask the benefits derived from
        criminal conduct so that they appear to have originated from a legitimate source.
        Singapore’s primary legislation to combat ML is the Corruption, Drug Trafficking
        and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of Benefits) Act (Cap. 65A). A CMI
        should refer to the Commercial Affairs Department’s (“CAD”) website for more
        information.

1-4-2   Generally, the process of ML comprises three stages, namely ―

        (a) Placement – The physical or financial disposal of the benefits derived from
            criminal conduct.

        (b) Layering – The separation of these benefits from their original source by
            creating layers of financial transactions designed to disguise the ultimate
            source and transfer of these benefits.

        (c) Integration – The provision of apparent legitimacy to the benefits derived
            from criminal conduct. If the layering process succeeds, the integration
            schemes place the laundered funds back into the economy so that they re-
            enter the financial system appearing to be legitimate funds.






1-4-3    As capital markets transactions are no longer predominantly cash based, they
         are more likely to be used in the layering stage rather than placement stage of
         money laundering. However, where the transactions are in cash, there is still the
         risk of capital markets transactions being used at the placement stage.

1-4-4    Capital markets transactions offer a vast array of opportunities for transforming
         money into a diverse range of assets. The ease with which these assets can be
         converted to other types of assets, especially if they are liquid and marketable,
         also aids the layering process. Hence, capital markets transactions are
         particularly attractive to money-launderers for layering their illicit proceeds for
         eventual integration into the general economy.


         Terrorism Financing
1-4-5    Acts of terrorism seek to influence or compel governments into a particular
         course of action or to intimidate the public or a section of the public. CMIs are
         reminded of the definitions of terrorism set out in the Terrorism (Suppression of
         Financing) Act (Cap. 325) (“TSOFA”) and the United Nations (Anti-terrorism
         Measures) Regulations (Rg. 1).

1-4-6    Terrorists require funds to carry out acts of terrorism, and terrorism financing
         (“TF”) is the act of providing these funds. Such funds may be derived from
         criminal activities such as robbery, drug-trafficking, kidnapping, extortion, fraud or
         hacking of online accounts. In such cases, there may be an element of ML
         involved to disguise the source of funds.

1-4-7    However, terrorist acts and organisations may also be financed from legitimate
         sources such as donations from charities, legitimate business operations, self-
         funding by individuals etc. Coupled with the fact that TF need not always involve
         large sums of money, TF can be hard to detect and CMIs should remain vigilant.

1-4-8    Singapore’s primary legislation to combat TF is the TSOFA. CMIs may refer to
         the Inter-Ministry Committee on Terrorist Designation’s (“IMC-TD”) website for
         more information.


         The Three Lines of Defence
1-4-9    Each CMI is reminded that the ultimate responsibility and accountability for
         ensuring compliance with anti-money laundering and countering the financing of
         terrorism (“AML/CFT”) laws, regulations and notices rests with its board of
         directors and senior management.

1-4-10   A CMI’s board of directors and senior management are responsible for ensuring
         strong governance and sound AML/CFT risk management and controls at the
         CMI. While certain responsibilities can be delegated to senior AML/CFT
         employees, final accountability rests with the CMI’s board of directors and senior
         management. A CMI should ensure a strong compliance culture throughout its
         organisation, where the board of directors and senior management set the right






         tone. The board of directors and senior management should set a clear risk
         appetite and ensure a compliance culture where financial crime is not acceptable.

1-4-11   Business units (e.g. front office, customer-facing functions) constitute the first line
         of defence in charge of identifying, assessing and controlling the ML/TF risks of
         their business. The second line of defence includes the AML/CFT compliance
         function, as well as other support functions such as operations, human resource
         or technology, which work together with the AML/CFT compliance function to
         identify ML/TF risks when they process transactions or applications or deploy
         systems or technology. The third line of defence is the CMI’s internal audit
         function.

1-4-12   As part of the first line of defence, business units require robust controls to detect
         illicit activities. They should be allocated sufficient resources to perform this
         function effectively. The CMI’s policies, procedures and controls on AML/CFT
         should be clearly specified in writing, and communicated to all relevant
         employees, officers and representatives in the business units. The CMI should
         adequately train employees, officers and representatives to be aware of their
         obligations, and provide instructions as well as guidance on how to ensure the
         CMI’s compliance with prevailing AML/CFT laws, regulations and notices.

1-4-13   As the core of the second line of defence, the AML/CFT compliance function is
         responsible for ongoing monitoring of the fulfilment of all AML/CFT duties by the
         CMI. This implies sample testing and the review of exception reports. The
         AML/CFT compliance function should alert the CMI’s senior management or the
         board of directors if it believes that the employees or officers in the line
         departments are failing or have failed to adequately address ML/TF risks and
         concerns. Other support functions such as operations, human resource or
         technology also play a role to help mitigate the ML/TF risks that the CMI faces.
         The AML/CFT compliance function is typically the contact point regarding all
         AML/CFT issues for domestic and foreign authorities, including supervisory
         authorities, law enforcement authorities and financial intelligence units.

1-4-14   As the third line of defence, the CMI’s internal audit function or an equivalent
         function plays an important role in independently evaluating the AML/CFT risk
         management framework and controls for purposes of reporting to the audit
         committee of the CMI’s board of directors, or a similar oversight body. This
         independent evaluation is achieved through the internal audit or equivalent
         function’s periodic evaluations of the effectiveness of the CMI’s compliance with
         prevailing AML/CFT policies, procedures and controls. A CMI should establish
         policies for periodic AML/CFT internal audits covering areas such as ―

         (a) the adequacy of the CMI’s AML/CFT policies, procedures and controls in
             identifying ML/TF risks, addressing the identified risks and complying with
             laws, regulations and notices;

         (b) the effectiveness of the CMI’s employees, officers and representatives in
             implementing the CMI’s policies, procedures and controls;






         (c) the effectiveness of the compliance oversight and quality control including
             parameters and criteria for transaction alerts; and

         (d) the effectiveness of the CMI’s training of relevant employees, officers and
             representatives.


         Governance
1-4-15   Strong board and senior management leadership is indispensable in the
         oversight of the development and implementation of a sound AML/CFT risk
         management framework across the CMI. The board of directors and senior
         management should ensure that the CMI’s processes are robust and there are
         adequate risk mitigating measures in place. The successful implementation and
         effective operation of a risk-based approach to AML/CFT depends on the CMI’s
         employees, officers and representatives having a good understanding of the
         ML/TF risks inherent in the CMI’s business.

1-4-16   A CMI’s board of directors and senior management should understand the ML/TF
         risks the CMI is exposed to and how the CMI’s AML/CFT control framework
         operates to mitigate those risks. This should involve the board and senior
         management ―

         (a) receiving sufficient, frequent and objective information to form an accurate
             picture of the ML/TF risks including emerging or new ML/TF risks, which the
             CMI is exposed to through its activities and individual business relations;

         (b) receiving sufficient and objective information to assess whether the CMI’s
             AML/CFT controls are adequate and effective;

         (c) receiving information on legal and regulatory developments and the impact
             these have on the CMI’s AML/CFT framework; and

         (d) ensuring that processes are in place to escalate important decisions that
             directly impact the ability of the CMI to address and control ML/TF risks,
             especially where AML/CFT controls are assessed to be inadequate or
             ineffective.









2        Notice Paragraph 2 – Definitions, Clarifications and Examples

         Connected Party
2-1      The term “partnership” as it appears in the definition of “connected parties”
         includes foreign partnerships. The term “manager” as it appears in limb (b) of the
         definition of “connected parties” takes reference from section 2(1) of the Limited
         Liability Partnership Act (Cap. 163A) and section 28 of the Limited Partnership
         Act (Cap. 163B).

2-2      Examples of natural persons with executive authority in a company include the
         Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. An example of a natural person with
         executive authority in a partnership is the Managing Partner.


         Customer
2-3      When performing Customer Due Diligence (“CDD”) measures in the scenarios
         below, the following approaches may be adopted:

         (a) Portfolio Managers
             A CMI (for e.g. a securities broker or fund management company) may
             encounter cases where the customer is the primary manager of a fund (as
             set out in Scenario 1 below). In this case, the CMI may consider whether
             paragraph 6.16(e) and (f) of the Notice or simplified CDD (“SCDD”) measures
             under paragraph 7 of the Notice may be applicable.


              SCENARIO 1: CONTRACTUAL NEXUS WITH PRIMARY MANAGER
Sub-
         Contractual                 PRIMARY
        Relationship
                                     MANAGER


                                               Investment
                                               management
       THE CMI                                 contractual nexus



                                        FUND                             INVESTORS




             It could also encounter cases whereby the fund managed by the primary
             manager (who is not the CMI) may also be a customer of the CMI by virtue of
             a contractual nexus (as depicted in Scenario 2 below). In Scenario 2, the
             underlying investors of the portfolio shall be the beneficial owners of the
             customer (i.e. the fund) within the meaning of the Notice.







                 SCENARIO 2: TRI-PARTITE CONTRACTUAL NEXUS


       Contractual                         PRIMARY
      Relationship                         MANAGER


                            Investment
SINGAPORE FUND              management
   MANAGERTHE CMI           contractual nexus



                                                FUND                            INVESTORS



                 In Scenario 2, the Authority recognises that a CMI may not be able to
                 perform CDD measures on the investors of the fund. For instance, the
                 portfolio manager may be reluctant, for commercial reasons, to reveal
                 information on the underlying investors to the CMI. In such circumstances,
                 the CMI should evaluate the risks arising from each case and determine the
                 appropriate CDD measures to take. If the fund meets one or more of the
                 criteria in paragraph 6.16 of the Notice, the CMI may avail itself to the
                 exemption from making inquiries about the existence of its investors. If these
                 are not met, the CMI will have to apply appropriate CDD measures on the
                 underlying investors. It may only apply SCDD measures on these investors if
                 it is able to satisfy the requirements in section 7 of the Notice.

             (b) Engagement of Distributors

                 Where the CMI has engaged distributors (for e.g. banks and financial
                 advisors) to market their products such as funds, the end investors of the
                 funds marketed by a distributor would be considered beneficial owners of the
                 CMI’s customers (i.e. the funds managed by the CMI). Under these
                 arrangements, the CMI typically has no visibility of the underlying investors
                 as the business relations are owned by the distributor and the distributor
                 could be using omnibus accounts in its own name in order to engage in
                 securities transactions on behalf of its clients. For legitimate business
                 reasons, the distributor may also not be prepared to reveal the identity of the
                 underlying investors.

                 Where the underlying investors of the funds are customers of a distributor
                 that is a financial institution (“FI”) supervised by the Authority or a foreign FI
                 incorporated or established outside Singapore that is subject to and
                 supervised for compliance with AML/CFT requirements consistent with the
                 standards set by the FATF, the CMI should obtain confirmation from the
                 distributor that the latter would be responsible for carrying out AML/CFT





          checks on the underlying investors. The CMI may also consider whether
          SCDD measures under paragraph 7 of the Notice are applicable in relation to
          the distributors.

      (c) Location of Relationship Management
          Given the globalised nature of modern capital markets, it may often be the
          case that a CMI’s relationship and transactions with a particular customer is
          managed by a CMI employee, officer or representative based in one country
          or jurisdiction but the account itself is held with an office in another country or
          jurisdiction for book-keeping purposes. The Authority will generally look at the
          substance of the relationship management as a whole. A CMI should perform
          the applicable CDD measures if in substance, the relationship or account is
          managed by an employee, officer or representative of the CMI in Singapore
          even though the account is booked in another country or jurisdiction.
          However, the CMI may rely on the CDD measures carried out by its related
          entity (or in the case of a branch network, another branch of the CMI) in
          accordance with paragraph 9 of the Notice.


      Financial Advice
2-4   In practice, a CMI may conduct marketing activities or rely on referrals or other
      means to acquire new customers. The CMI need not perform the CDD measures
      where the CMI solely prospects natural persons, legal persons or legal
      arrangements, without the provision of financial advice.


      Legal Arrangements
2-5   In relation to the definition of “legal arrangement” in the Notice, examples of legal
      arrangements are trust, fiducie, treuhand and fideicomiso.


      Legal Persons
2-6   In relation to the definition of “legal person” in the Notice, examples of legal
      persons are companies, bodies corporate, foundations, anstalt, partnerships,
      joint ventures or associations.


      Officer
2-7   A reference to “officer” refers to a CMI’s board of directors and senior
      management.









4     Notice Paragraph 4 – Assessing Risks and Applying a Risk-Based
      Approach

      Countries or Jurisdictions of its Customers
4-1   In relation to a customer who is a natural person, this refers to the nationality and
      place of domicile, business or work. For a customer who is a legal person or
      arrangement, this refers to both the country or jurisdiction of establishment,
      incorporation, or registration and, if different, the country or jurisdiction of
      operations as well.


      Other Relevant Authorities in Singapore
4-2   Examples include law enforcement authorities (e.g. Singapore Police Force,
      Commercial Affairs Department, Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau) and
      other government authorities (e.g. Attorney General’s Chambers, Ministry of
      Home Affairs, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Law).


      Risk Assessment
4-3   In addition to assessing the ML/TF risks presented by an individual customer, a
      CMI shall identify and assess ML/TF risks on an enterprise-wide level. This shall
      include a consolidated assessment of the CMI’s ML/TF risks that exist across all
      its business units, product lines and delivery channels. The enterprise-wide
      ML/TF risk assessment relates to a CMI in Singapore in the following ways:

      (a)    A CMI incorporated in Singapore shall take into account the ML/TF risks of
             its branches and subsidiaries, including those outside Singapore, as part of
             its consolidated assessment of its enterprise-wide ML/TF risks.

      (b)    The Singapore branch of a CMI incorporated outside Singapore may refer
             to an enterprise-wide ML/TF risk assessment performed by the head office,
             group or regional AML/CFT function, provided that the assessment
             adequately reflects the ML/TF risks faced in the context of its operations in
             Singapore.

4-4   The enterprise-wide ML/TF risk assessment is intended to enable the CMI to
      better understand its overall vulnerability to ML/TF risks and forms the basis for
      the CMI’s overall risk-based approach.

4-5   A CMI’s senior management shall approve its enterprise-wide ML/TF risk
      assessment and relevant business units should give their full support and active
      co-operation to the enterprise-wide ML/TF risk assessment.

4-6   In conducting an enterprise-wide risk assessment, the broad ML/TF risk factors
      that the CMI should consider include ―

      (a) in relation to its customers ―

            (i) target customer markets and segments;






          (ii) profile and number of customers identified as higher risk;

          (iii) volumes and sizes of its customers’ transactions and funds transfers,
                considering the usual activities and the risk profiles of its customers;

      (b) in relation to the countries or jurisdictions its customers are from or in, or
          where the CMI has operations in ―

          (i) countries or jurisdictions the CMI is exposed to, either through its own
              activities (including where its branches and subsidiaries operate in) or the
              activities of its customers (including the CMI’s network of correspondent
              account relationships), especially countries or jurisdictions with relatively
              higher levels of corruption, organised crime or inadequate AML/CFT
              measures, as identified by the Financial Action Task Force (“FATF”);

          (ii) when assessing ML/TF risks of countries and jurisdictions, the following
               criteria may be considered:

             -   evidence of adverse news or relevant public criticism of a country or
                 jurisdiction, including FATF public documents on High Risk and Non-
                 cooperative jurisdictions;

             -   independent and public assessment of the country’s or jurisdiction’s
                 overall AML/CFT regime such as FATF or FATF-Styled Regional
                 Bodies’ (“FSRBs”) Mutual Evaluation reports and the IMF / World
                 Bank Financial Sector Assessment Programme Reports or Reports on
                 the Observance of Standards and Codes for guidance on the country’s
                 or jurisdiction’s AML/CFT measures;

             -   the AML/CFT laws, regulations and standards of the country or
                 jurisdiction;

             -   implementation standards (including quality and effectiveness of
                 supervision) of the AML/CFT regime;

             -   whether the country or jurisdiction is a member of international groups
                 that only admit countries or jurisdictions which meet certain AML/CFT
                 benchmarks;

             -   contextual factors, such as political stability, maturity and
                 sophistication of the regulatory and supervisory regime, level of
                 corruption, financial inclusion etc;

      (c) in relation to the products, services, transactions and delivery channels of the
          CMI ―

          (i) the nature, scale, diversity and complexity of the CMI’s business
              activities;






           (ii) the nature of products and services offered by the CMI; and

           (iii) the delivery channels, including the extent to which the CMI deals directly
                 with the customer, relies on third parties to perform CDD measures or
                 uses technology.

4-7    The scale and scope of the enterprise-wide ML/TF risk assessment should be
       commensurate with the nature and complexity of the CMI’s business.

4-8    As far as possible, a CMI’s enterprise-wide ML/TF risk assessment should entail
       both qualitative and quantitative analyses to ensure that the CMI accurately
       understands its exposure to ML/TF risks. A quantitative analysis of the CMI’s
       exposure to ML/TF risks should involve evaluating data on the CMI’s activities
       using the applicable broad risk factors set out in paragraph 4-6.

4-9    As required by paragraph 4.1(d) of the Notice, a CMI shall take into account all its
       existing products, services, transactions and delivery channels offered as part of
       its enterprise-wide ML/TF risk assessment.

4-10   In assessing its overall ML/TF risks, a CMI should make its own determination as
       to the risk weights to be given to the individual factor or combination of factors.


       Singapore’s National ML/TF Risk Assessment (“NRA”) Report
4-11   A CMI should incorporate the results of Singapore’s NRA Report into its
       enterprise-wide ML/TF risk assessment process. When performing the
       enterprise-wide risk assessment, a CMI should take into account any financial or
       non-financial sector that has been identified as presenting higher ML/TF risks. A
       CMI should consider the NRA results and enterprise-wide ML/TF risk
       assessment results when assessing the ML/TF risks presented by customers
       from specific sectors.

4-12   The NRA also identifies certain prevailing crime types as presenting higher
       ML/TF risks. A CMI should consider these results when assessing its enterprise-
       wide ML/TF risks of products, services, transactions and delivery channels and
       whether it is more susceptible to the higher risk prevailing crime types. Where
       appropriate, a CMI should also take these results into account as part of the
       CMI’s ongoing monitoring of the conduct of customers’ accounts and the CMI’s
       scrutiny of customers’ transactions.


       Risk Mitigation
4-13   The nature and extent of AML/CFT risk management systems and controls
       implemented should be commensurate with the ML/TF risks identified via a CMI’s
       enterprise-wide ML/TF risk assessment. A CMI shall put in place adequate
       policies, procedures and controls to mitigate the ML/TF risks.







4-14   A CMI’s enterprise-wide ML/TF risk assessment serves to guide the allocation of
       AML/CFT resources within the CMI.

4-15   A CMI should assess the effectiveness of its risk mitigation procedures and
       controls by monitoring the following:

       (a) the ability to identify changes in a customer profile (e.g. Politically Exposed
           Persons status) and transactional behaviour observed in the course of its
           business;

       (b) the potential for abuse of new business initiatives, products, practices and
           services for ML/TF purposes;

       (c) the compliance arrangements (through its internal audit or quality assurance
           processes or external review);

       (d) the balance between the use of technology-based or automated solutions
           with that of manual or people-based processes, for AML/CFT risk
           management purposes;

       (e) the coordination between AML/CFT compliance and other functions of the
           CMI;

       (f) the adequacy of training provided to employees, officers and representatives
           and awareness of the employees, officers and representatives on AML/CFT
           matters;

       (g) the process of management reporting and escalation of pertinent AML/CFT
           issues to the CMI’s senior management;

       (h) the coordination between the CMI and regulatory or law enforcement
           agencies; and

       (i) the performance of third parties relied upon by the CMI to carry out CDD
           measures.


       Documentation
4-16   The documentation should include ―

       (a) the enterprise-wide ML/TF risk assessment by the CMI;

       (b) details of the implementation of the AML/CFT risk management systems and
           controls as guided by the enterprise-wide ML/TF risk assessment;

       (c) the reports to senior management on the results of the enterprise-wide
           ML/TF risk assessment and the implementation of the AML/CFT risk
           management systems and controls; and






       (d) details of the frequency of review of the enterprise-wide ML/TF risk
           assessment.

4-17   A CMI should ensure that the enterprise-wide ML/TF risk assessment and the
       risk assessment information are made available to the Authority upon request.


       Frequency of Review
4-18   In keeping its enterprise-wide risk assessments up-to-date, a CMI should review
       its risk assessment at least once every two years or when material trigger events
       occur, whichever is earlier. Such material trigger events include, but are not
       limited to, the acquisition of new customer segments or delivery channels, or the
       launch of new products and services by the CMI. The results of these reviews
       should be documented and approved by senior management even if there are no
       significant changes to the CMI’s enterprise-wide risk assessment.









5     Notice Paragraph 5 – New Products, Practices and Technologies

5-1   International developments of new technologies to provide financial services are
      fast-changing and growing at an accelerated pace. A CMI should keep abreast of
      such new developments and the ML/TF risks associated with them.

5-2   A CMI’s assessment of ML/TF risks in relation to new products, practices and
      technologies is separate from, and in addition to, the CMI’s assessment of other
      risks such as credit risks, operational risks or market risks. For example, in the
      assessment of ML/TF risks, a CMI should pay attention to new products,
      practices and technologies that deal with customer funds or the movement of
      such funds. These assessments should be approved by senior management and
      heads of business, risk and compliance.

5-3   An example of a “delivery mechanism” as set out in paragraph 5 of the Notice is
      mobile trading.









6       Notice Paragraph 6 – Customer Due Diligence

        Notice Paragraph 6.2

6-1     Where There Are Reasonable Grounds for Suspicion prior to the
        Establishment of Business Relations or Undertaking any Transaction
        without opening an Account

6-1-1   In arriving at its decision for each case, a CMI should take into account the
        relevant facts, including information that may be made available by the
        authorities and conduct a proper risk assessment.


        Notice Paragraphs 6.3 to 6.4

6-2     When CDD is to be Performed and Linked Transactions

6-2-1   Paragraph 6.4 of the Notice is applicable to a CMI when it undertakes
        transactions for customers who or which have not established business relations
        with the CMI.

6-2-2   A CMI should monitor whether the related or linked transactions exceed the
        thresholds set out in paragraph 6.3(b) of the Notice and should take these into
        consideration when formulating scenarios and parameters.

6-2-3   Two or more transactions may be related or linked if they involve the same
        sender or recipient. A CMI should be aware that transactions may be entered into
        consecutively to deliberately restructure an otherwise single transaction, with the
        intention of circumventing applicable thresholds set out in the Notice in relation to
        the circumstances set out in paragraph 6.3(b).


        Notice Paragraphs 6.5 to 6.18

6-3     CDD Measures under Paragraphs 6.5 to 6.18

6-3-1   When relying on documents, a CMI should be aware that the best documents to
        use to verify the identity of the customer are those most difficult to obtain illicitly
        or to counterfeit. These may include government-issued identity cards or
        passports, checks against independent company registries, published or audited
        annual reports and other reliable sources of information. The rigour of the
        verification process should be commensurate with the customer’s risk profile.

6-3-2   A CMI should exercise greater caution when dealing with an unfamiliar or a new
        customer. Apart from obtaining the identification information required by
        paragraph 6.6 of the Notice, a CMI should (if not already obtained as part of its
        account opening process) also obtain additional information on the customer’s
        background such as occupation, employer’s name, nature of business, range of
        annual income, other related accounts with the same CMI and whether the





           customer holds or has held a prominent public function. Such additional
           identification information enables a CMI to obtain better knowledge of its
           customers’ risk profile, as well as the purpose and intended nature of the
           account.


           Notice Paragraph 6.6

6-4        Identification of Customer

6-4-1      With respect to paragraph 6.6(c) of the Notice, a P.O. box address should only
           be used for jurisdictions where the residential address (e.g. street name or house
           number) is not applicable or available in the local context.

6-4-2      A CMI should obtain a customer’s contact details such as personal, office or work
           telephone numbers.


           Notice Paragraph 6.8

6-5        Identification of Customer that is a Legal Person or Legal Arrangement

6-5-1      Under paragraph 6 and paragraph 8 of the Notice, a CMI is required to identify
           and screen all the connected parties of a customer. However, a CMI may verify
           their identities using a risk-based approach1. A CMI is reminded of its obligations
           under the Notice to identify connected parties and remain apprised of any
           changes to connected parties.

6-5-2      Identification of connected parties may be done using publicly available sources
           or databases such as company registries, annual reports or based on
           substantiated information provided by the customers.

6-5-3      In relation to legal arrangements, a CMI shall perform CDD measures on the
           customer by identifying the settlors, trustees, the protector (if any), the
           beneficiaries (including every beneficiary that falls within a designated
           characteristic or class) and any natural person exercising ultimate ownership,
           ultimate control or ultimate effective control over the trust (including through a
           chain of control or ownership), as required by paragraph 6.14 of the Notice.


           Notice Paragraph 6.9

6-6        Verification of Identity of Customer

6-6-1      Where the customer is a natural person, a CMI should obtain identification
           documents that contain a clear photograph of that customer.

1
 For the guidance on SCDD measures in relation to the identification and verification of the identities of connected
parties of a customer, CMIs are to refer to paragraph 7-3 of these Guidelines.





6-6-2   In verifying the identity of a customer, a CMI may obtain the following documents:

        (a) Natural Persons ―

            (i) name, unique identification number, date of birth and nationality based
                on a valid passport or a national identity card that bears a photograph of
                the customer; and

            (ii) residential address based on national identity card, recent utility or
                 telephone bill, bank statement or correspondence from a government
                 agency;

        (b) Legal Persons or Legal Arrangements ―

            (i) name, legal form, proof of existence and constitution based on certificate
                of incorporation, certificate of good standing, partnership agreement,
                trust deed, constitutional document, certificate of registration or any other
                documentation from a reliable independent source; and

            (ii) powers that regulate and bind the legal person or arrangement based on
                 memorandum and articles of association, and board resolution
                 authorising the opening of an account and appointment of authorised
                 signatories.

6-6-3   Further guidance on verification of different types of customers (including legal
        persons or legal arrangements) is set out in Appendix A.

6-6-4   In exceptional circumstances where the CMI is unable to retain a copy of the
        documentation used to verify the customer’s identity, the CMI should record the
        following:

        (a) information that the original documentation had served to verify;

        (b) title and description of the original documentation produced to the CMI’s
            employee or officer for verification, including any particular or unique features
            or condition of that documentation (e.g. whether it is worn out, or damaged);

        (c) reasons why a copy of that documentation could not be made; and

        (d) name of the CMI’s employee or officer who carried out the verification, a
            statement by that employee or officer certifying verification of the information
            against the documentation and the date of the verification.


        Reliability of Information and Documentation

6-6-5   Where a CMI obtains data, documents or information from the customer or a third
        party, it should ensure that such data, documents or information is current at the
        time they are provided to the CMI.






6-6-6   Where the customer is unable to produce an original document, a CMI may
        consider accepting a copy of the document ―

        (a) that is certified to be a true copy by a suitably qualified person (e.g. a notary
            public, a lawyer or certified public or professional accountant); or

        (b) if a CMI’s staff independent of the customer relationship has confirmed that
            he has sighted the original document.

6-6-7   Where a document is in a foreign language, appropriate steps should be taken by
        a CMI to be reasonably satisfied that the document does in fact provide evidence
        of the customer’s identity. The CMI should ensure that any document that is
        critical for performance of any measures required under the Notice is translated
        into English by a suitably qualified translator. Alternatively, the CMI may rely on a
        translation of such document by a CMI’s staff independent of the customer
        relationship who is conversant in that foreign language. This is to allow all
        employees, officers and representatives of the CMI involved in the performance
        of any measures required under the Notice to understand the contents of the
        documents, for effective determination and evaluation of ML/FT risks associated
        with the customer.

6-6-8   The CMI should ensure that documents obtained for performing any measures
        required under the Notice are clear and legible. This is important for the
        establishment of a customer’s identity, particularly in situations where business
        relations are established without face-to-face contact.


        Notice Paragraphs 6.10 to 6.12

6-7     Identification and Verification of Identity of Natural Person Appointed to Act
        on a Customer’s Behalf

6-7-1   Appropriate documentary evidence of a customer’s appointment of a natural
        person to act on its behalf includes a board resolution or similar authorisation
        documents.

6-7-2   Where there is a long list of natural persons appointed to act on behalf of the
        customer (e.g. a list comprising more than 10 authorised signatories), the CMI
        should verify at a minimum those natural persons who will deal directly with the
        CMI.


        Notice Paragraphs 6.13 to 6.17

6-8     Identification and Verification of Identity of Beneficial Owner

6-8-1   A CMI should note that measures listed under paragraph 6.14(a)(i), (ii) and (iii) as
        well as paragraph 6.14(b)(i) and (ii) of the Notice are not alternative measures





        but are cascading measures with each to be used where the immediately
        preceding measure has been applied but has not resulted in the identification of a
        beneficial owner.

6-8-2   In relation to paragraph 6.14(a)(i) and (b)(i) of the Notice, when identifying the
        natural person who ultimately owns the legal person or legal arrangement, the
        shareholdings within the ownership structure of the legal person or legal
        arrangement should be considered. It may be based on a threshold (e.g. any
        person owning more than 25% of the legal person or legal arrangement, taking
        into account any aggregated ownership for companies with cross-shareholdings).

6-8-3   A natural person who does not meet the shareholding threshold referred to in
        paragraph 6-8-2 above but who controls the customer (e.g. through exercising
        significant influence), is a beneficial owner under the Notice.

6-8-4   A CMI may also consider obtaining an undertaking or declaration from the
        customer on the identity of, and the information relating to, the beneficial owner.
        Notwithstanding the obtaining of such an undertaking or declaration, the CMI
        remains responsible for complying with its obligations under the Notice to take
        reasonable measures to verify the identity of the beneficial owner by, for
        example, researching publicly available information on the beneficial owner or
        arranging a face-to-face meeting with the beneficial owner, to corroborate the
        undertaking or declaration provided by the customer.

6-8-5   Where the customer is not a natural person and has a complex ownership or
        control structure, a CMI should obtain enough information to sufficiently
        understand if there are legitimate reasons for such ownership or control structure.

6-8-6   A CMI should take particular care when dealing with companies with bearer
        shares, since the beneficial ownership is difficult to establish. For such
        companies, a CMI should adopt procedures to establish the identities of the
        beneficial owners of such shares and ensure that the CMI is notified whenever
        there is a change of beneficial owner of such shares. At a minimum, these
        procedures should require the CMI to obtain an undertaking in writing from the
        beneficial owner of such bearer shares stating that the CMI shall be immediately
        notified if the shares are transferred to another natural person, legal person or
        legal arrangement. Depending on its risk assessment of the customer, the CMI
        may require that the bearer shares be held by a named custodian, with an
        undertaking from the custodian that the CMI will be notified of any changes to
        ownership of these shares or the named custodian.

6-8-7   For the purposes of paragraph 6.16 of the Notice, where the customer is a legal
        person publicly listed on a stock exchange and subject to regulatory disclosure
        requirements relating to adequate transparency in respect of its beneficial owners
        (imposed through stock exchange rules, law or other enforceable means), it is
        not necessary to identify and verify the identities of the beneficial owners of the
        customer.







6-8-8    In determining if the foreign stock exchange imposes regulatory disclosure and
         adequate transparency requirements, the CMI should put in place an internal
         assessment process with clear criteria, taking into account, amongst others, the
         country risk and the level of the country’s compliance with the FATF standards.

6-8-9    Where the customer is a majority-owned subsidiary of a publicly listed legal
         person, it is not necessary to identify and verify the identities of the beneficial
         owners of the customer. However, for such a customer, if there are other non-
         publicly listed legal persons who own more than 25% of the customer or who
         otherwise control the customer, the beneficial owners of such non-publicly listed
         legal persons should be identified and verified.

6-8-10   A CMI is not required to inquire if there exists any beneficial owner in relation to a
         customer that is a Singapore Government entity or a foreign government entity
         unless the CMI has doubts about the veracity of the CDD information, or
         suspects that the customer, business relations with, or transaction for the
         customer may be connected with ML/TF activities.

6-8-11   Similarly, a CMI is not required to inquire if there exists any beneficial owner in
         relation to a customer that is wholly-owned or majority-owned by the Singapore
         Government or a foreign government. However, if there are other non-
         governmental beneficial owners who own more than 25% of the customer or who
         otherwise control the customer, the CMI is required to identify and verify the
         identities of these beneficial owners.

6-8-12   Where a customer is one which falls within paragraph 6.16 of the Notice, this
         does not in itself constitute an adequate analysis of low ML/TF risks for the
         purpose of performing SCDD measures under paragraph 7 of the Notice.


         Notice Paragraph 6.18

6-9      Information     on     Purpose      and     Intended      Nature     of     Business
         Relations

6-9-1    The measures taken by a CMI to understand the purpose and intended nature of
         business relations should be commensurate with the complexity of the
         customer’s business and risk profile. For higher risk customers, a CMI should
         seek to understand upfront the expected account activity (e.g. types of
         transactions likely to pass through, expected amount for each transaction, names
         of counterparties) and consider, as part of ongoing monitoring whether the
         activity corresponds with the stated purpose of the accounts. This will enable a
         more effective ongoing monitoring of the customer’s business relations and
         transactions.









         Notice Paragraphs 6.19 to 6.26

6-10     Ongoing Monitoring

6-10-1   Ongoing monitoring of business relations is a fundamental feature of an effective
         AML/CFT risk management system. Ongoing monitoring should be conducted in
         relation to all business relations, but the CMI may adjust the extent and depth of
         monitoring of a customer according to the customer’s ML/TF risk profile. The
         adequacy of monitoring systems and the factors leading the CMI to adjust the
         level of monitoring should be reviewed regularly for effectiveness in mitigating the
         CMI’s ML/TF risks.

6-10-2   A CMI should make further enquiries when a customer performs frequent and
         cumulatively large transactions without any apparent or visible economic or lawful
         purpose. For example, frequent transfers of funds to the same recipient over a
         short period of time, multiple deposits of cash such that the amount of each
         deposit is not substantial, but the total of which is substantial.

6-10-3   Where there are indications that the risks associated with an existing business
         relations may have increased, the CMI should request additional information and
         conduct a review of the customer’s risk profile in order to determine if additional
         measures are necessary.

6-10-4   A key part of ongoing monitoring includes maintaining relevant and up-to-date
         CDD data, documents and information so that the CMI can identify changes to
         the customer’s risk profile ―

         (a) for higher risk categories of customers, a CMI should obtain updated CDD
             information (including updated copies of the customers’ passport or identity
             documents if these have expired), as part of its periodic CDD review, or upon
             the occurrence of a trigger event as deemed necessary by the CMI,
             whichever is earlier; and

         (b) for all other risk categories of customers, a CMI should obtain updated CDD
             information upon the occurrence of a trigger event.

6-10-5   Examples of trigger events are when (i) a significant transaction takes place, (ii) a
         material change occurs in the way the customer’s account is operated, (iii) the
         CMI’s policies, procedures or standards relating to the documentation of CDD
         information change substantially, and (iv) the CMI becomes aware that it lacks
         sufficient information about the customer concerned.

6-10-6   The frequency of CDD review may vary depending on each customer’s risk
         profile. Higher risk customers should be subject to more frequent periodic review
         (e.g. on an annual basis) to ensure that CDD information such as nationality,
         passport details, certificate of incumbency, ownership and control information
         that the CMI has previously obtained remain relevant and up-to-date.







6-10-7   In determining what would constitute suspicious, complex, unusually large or
         unusual pattern of transactions, a CMI should consider, amongst others,
         international typologies and information obtained from law enforcement and other
         authorities that may point to jurisdiction-specific considerations. As part of
         ongoing monitoring, a CMI should pay attention to transaction characteristics,
         such as ―

         (a) the nature of a transaction (e.g. abnormal size or frequency for that customer
             or peer group);

         (b) whether a series of transactions is conducted with the intent to avoid
             reporting thresholds (e.g. by structuring an otherwise single transaction into a
             number of cash transactions);

         (c) the geographic destination or origin of a payment (e.g. to or from a higher risk
             country); and

         (d) the parties concerned (e.g. a request to make a payment to or from a person
             on a sanctions list).

6-10-8   A CMI’s transaction monitoring processes or systems may vary in scope or
         sophistication (e.g. using manual spreadsheets to automated and complex
         systems). The degree of automation or sophistication of processes and systems
         depends on the size and complexity of the CMI’s operations.

6-10-9   Nevertheless, the processes and systems used by the CMI should provide its
         business units (e.g. front office) and compliance officers (including employees
         and officers who are tasked with conducting investigations) with timely
         information needed to identify, analyse and effectively monitor customer
         accounts for ML/TF.

6-10-10 The transaction monitoring processes and systems should enable the CMI to
        monitor multiple accounts of a customer holistically within a business unit and
        across business units to identify any suspicious transactions. In the event that a
        business unit discovers suspicious transactions in a customer’s account, such
        information should be shared across their business units (e.g. Retail Business
        and Corporate Business units) to facilitate a holistic assessment of the ML/TF
        risks presented by the customer. Therefore, CMIs should have processes in
        place to share such information across business units. In addition, CMIs should
        perform trend analyses of transactions to identify unusual or suspicious
        transactions. CMIs should also monitor transactions with parties in high risk
        countries or jurisdictions.

6-10-11 In addition, CMIs should have processes in place to monitor related customer
        accounts holistically within and across business units, so as to better understand
        the risks associated with such customer groups, identify potential ML/TF risks
        and report suspicious transactions.







6-10-12 The parameters and thresholds used by a CMI to identify suspicious transactions
        should be properly documented and independently validated to ensure that they
        are appropriate to its operations and context. A CMI should periodically review
        the appropriateness of the parameters and thresholds used in the monitoring
        process.


         Notice Paragraphs 6.27 to 6.29

6-11     CDD Measures for Non-Face-to-Face Business Relations

6-11-1   A reference to “specific risks” in paragraph 6.27 of the Notice includes risks
         arising from establishing business relations and undertaking transactions
         according to instructions conveyed by customers over the internet, post, fax or
         telephone. A CMI should note that applications and transactions undertaken
         across the internet may pose greater risks than other non-face-to-face business
         due to the following factors:

         (a) the ease of unauthorised access to the facility, across time zones and
             location;

         (b) the ease of making multiple fictitious applications without incurring extra cost
             or the risk of detection;

         (c) the absence of physical documents; and

         (d) the speed of electronic transactions,

         that may, taken together, aggravate the ML/TF risks.

6-11-2   The measures taken by a CMI for verification of an identity in respect of non-
         face-to-face business relations with or transactions for the customer will depend
         on the nature and characteristics of the product or service provided and the
         customer’s risk profile.

6-11-3   Where verification of identity is performed without face-to-face contact (e.g.
         electronically), a CMI should apply additional checks to manage the risk of
         impersonation. The additional checks may consist of robust anti-fraud checks
         that the CMI routinely undertakes as part of its existing procedures, which may
         include ―

         (a) telephone contact with the customer at a residential or business number that
             can be verified independently;

         (b) confirmation of the customer’s address            through   an   exchange     of
             correspondence or other appropriate method;








         (c) subject to the customer’s consent, telephone confirmation of the customer’s
             employment status with his employer’s department at a listed business
             number of the employer;

         (d) confirmation of the customer’s salary details by requiring the presentation of
             recent bank statements from a bank, where applicable;

         (e) provision of certified identification documents by lawyers or notaries public; or

         (f) requiring the customer to make an initial deposit into the account with the
             CMI from funds held by the customer in an account with a bank in Singapore.


         Notice Paragraph 6.30

6-12     Reliance by Acquiring CMI on Measures Already Performed

6-12-1   When a CMI acquires the business of another FI, either in whole or in part, it is
         not necessary for the identity of all existing customers to be verified again,
         provided that the requirements of paragraph 6.30 of the Notice are met. A CMI
         shall maintain proper records of its due diligence review performed on the
         acquired business.

6-12-2   Notwithstanding the reliance on identification and verification that has already
         been performed, an acquiring CMI is responsible for its obligations under the
         Notice.

6-12-3   When a CMI acquires the business of another FI, either in whole or in part, the
         CMI is reminded that in addition to complying with paragraph 6.30 of the Notice, it
         is also required to comply with ongoing monitoring requirements set out in
         paragraphs 6.19 to 6.26 of the Notice.


         Notice Paragraphs 6.32 to 6.34

6-13     Timing for Verification

6-13-1   With reference to paragraph 6.33 of the Notice, an example of when the deferral
         of completion of the verification is essential in order not to interrupt the normal
         conduct of business operations is securities trades, where timely execution of
         trades is critical given changing market conditions. One way a CMI could
         effectively manage the ML/TF risks arising from the deferral of completion of
         verification is to put in place appropriate limits on the financial services available
         to the customer (e.g. limits on the number, type and value of transactions that
         can be effected) and institute closer monitoring procedures, until the verification
         has been completed.

6-13-2   With reference to paragraph 6.34 of the Notice ―






         (a) the completion of verification should not exceed 30 business days after the
             establishment of business relations;

         (b) the CMI should suspend business relations with the customer and refrain
             from carrying out further transactions (except to return funds to their sources,
             to the extent that this is possible) if such verification remains uncompleted 30
             business days after the establishment of business relations;

         (c) the CMI should terminate business relations with the customer if such
             verification remains uncompleted 120 business days after the establishment
             of business relations; and

         (d) the CMI should factor these time limitations in its policies, procedures and
             controls.


         Notice Paragraph 6.38

6-14     Existing Customers

6-14-1   In relation to customer accounts which pre-date the coming into force of the
         current Notice, the CMI should prioritise the remediation of higher risk customers.

6-14-2   In taking into account any previous measures as referred to in paragraph 6.38 of
         the Notice, a CMI should consider whether ―

         (a) there has been any significant transaction undertaken, since the measures
             were last performed, having regard to the manner in which the account is
             ordinarily operated;

         (b) there is a material change, since the measures were last performed, in the
             way that business relations with the customer are conducted;

         (c) it lacks adequate identification information on a customer; and

         (d) there is a change in the ownership or control of the customer, or the persons
             authorised to act on behalf of the customer in its business relations with the
             CMI.


         Notice Paragraphs 6.39 to 6.41

6-15     Screening

6-15-1   Screening is intended to be a preventive measure. A CMI is reminded that all
         parties identified pursuant to the Notice are required to be screened, irrespective
         of the risk profile of the customer.







6-15-2   Where screening results in a positive hit against sanctions lists, a CMI is
         reminded of its obligations to freeze without delay and without prior notice, the
         funds or other assets of designated persons and entities that it has control over,
         so as to comply with applicable laws and regulations in Singapore, including the
         TSOFA and MAS Regulations issued under section 27A of the Monetary
         Authority of Singapore Act (Cap. 186) (“MAS Act”) relating to sanctions and
         freezing of assets of persons. Any such assets should be reported promptly to
         the relevant authorities and a Suspicious Transaction Report (“STR”) should be
         filed.

6-15-3   A CMI should put in place policies, procedures and controls that clearly set out ―

         (a) the ML/TF information sources used by the CMI for screening (including
             commercial databases used to identify adverse information on individuals
             and entities, individuals and entities covered under MAS Regulations issued
             pursuant to section 27A of the MAS Act, individuals and entities identified by
             other sources such as the CMI’s head office or parent supervisory authority,
             lists and information provided by the Authority and relevant authorities in
             Singapore);

         (b) the roles and responsibilities of the CMI’s employees involved in the
             screening, reviewing and dismissing of alerts, maintaining and updating of
             the various screening databases and escalating hits;

         (c) the frequency of review of such policies, procedures and controls;

         (d) the frequency of periodic screening;

         (e) how apparent matches from screening are to be resolved by the CMI’s
             employees, including the process for determining that an apparent match is a
             positive hit and for dismissing an apparent match as a false hit; and

         (f) the steps to be taken by the CMI’s employees for reporting positive hits to the
             CMI’s senior management and to the relevant authorities.

6-15-4   The level of automation used in the screening process should take into account
         the nature, size and risk profile of a CMI’s business. A CMI should be aware of
         any shortcomings in its automated screening systems. In particular, it is important
         to consider “fuzzy matching” to identify non-exact matches. The CMI should
         ensure that the fuzzy matching process is calibrated to the risk profile of its
         business. As application of the fuzzy matching process is likely to result in the
         generation of an increased number of apparent matches which have to be
         checked, the CMI’s employees will need to have access to CDD information to
         enable them to exercise their judgment in identifying true hits.

6-15-5   A CMI should be aware that performing screening after business relations have
         been established could lead to a breach of relevant laws and regulations in
         Singapore relating to sanctioned parties. When the CMI becomes aware of such






           breaches, it should immediately take the necessary actions and inform the
           relevant authorities.

6-15-6     In screening periodically as required by paragraph 6.40(c) of the Notice, a CMI
           should pay particular attention to changes in customer status (e.g. whether the
           customer has over time become subject to prohibitions and sanctions) or
           customer risks (e.g. a connected party of a customer, a beneficial owner of the
           customer or a natural person appointed to act on behalf of the customer
           subsequently becomes a Politically Exposed Person or presents higher ML/TF
           risks, or a customer subsequently becomes a Politically Exposed Person or
           presents higher ML/TF risks) and assess whether to subject the customer to the
           appropriate ML/TF risk mitigation measures (e.g. enhanced CDD measures).

6-15-7     A CMI should ensure that the identification information of a customer, a
           connected party of the customer, a natural person appointed to act on behalf of
           the customer and a beneficial owner of the customer is entered into the CMI’s
           customer database for periodic name screening purposes. This will help the CMI
           to promptly identify any existing customers who have subsequently become
           higher risk parties.

6-15-8     In determining the frequency of periodic name screening, a CMI should consider
           its customers’ risk profile.

6-15-9     The CMI should ensure that it has adequate arrangements to perform screening
           of the CMI’s customer database when there are changes to the lists of
           sanctioned individuals and entities, covered by the TSOFA, MAS Regulations
           issued under section 27A of the MAS Act2 and MAS Notice MA-N-EXT 1/2012
           (“Prohibition on Transactions with the Iranian Government and with Iranian
           Financial Institutions”). The CMI should implement “four-eye checks” on alerts
           from sanctions reviews before closing an alert, or conduct quality assurance
           checks on the closure of such alerts on a sample basis.




2
 Please refer to the following link for the relevant MAS ML/TF Regulations - http://www.mas.gov.sg/Regulations-and-
Financial-Stability/Anti-Money-Laundering-Countering-The-Financing-Of-Terrorism-And-Targeted-Financial-
Sanctions/Targeted-Financial-Sanctions/MAS-Regulations.aspx





7     Notice Paragraph 7 – Simplified Customer Due Diligence

7-1   Paragraph 7.1 of the Notice permits a CMI to adopt a risk-based approach in
      assessing the necessary measures to be performed, and to perform appropriate
      SCDD measures in cases where the CMI is satisfied, upon analysis of risks, that
      the ML/TF risks are low.

7-2   Where a CMI applies SCDD measures, it is still required to perform ongoing
      monitoring of business relations under the Notice.

7-3   Under SCDD, a CMI may adopt a risk-based approach in assessing whether any
      measures should be performed for connected parties of the customers.

7-4   Where a CMI is satisfied that the risks of money laundering and terrorism
      financing are low, a CMI may perform SCDD measures. Examples of possible
      SCDD measures include ―

      (a) reducing the frequency of updates of customer identification information;

      (b) reducing the degree of ongoing monitoring and scrutiny of transactions,
          based on a reasonable monetary threshold; or

      (c) choosing another method to understand the purpose and intended nature of
          business relations by inferring this from the type of transactions or business
          relations to be established, instead of collecting information as to the purpose
          and intended nature of business relations.

7-5   Subject to the requirement that a CMI’s assessment of low ML/TF risks is
      supported by an adequate analysis of risks, examples of potentially lower ML/TF
      risk situations include ―

      (a) Customer risk

          (i) a Singapore Government entity;

          (ii) entities listed on a stock exchange and subject to regulatory disclosure
               requirements (relating to adequate transparency in respect of beneficial
               owners (imposed through stock exchange rules, law or other enforceable
               means); and

          (iii) an FI incorporated or established outside Singapore that is subject to and
                supervised for compliance with AML/CFT requirements consistent with
                standards set by the FATF.

      (b) Product, service, transaction or delivery channel risk

          (i) a pension, superannuation or similar scheme that provides retirement
              benefits to employees, where contributions are made by way of






             deduction from wages, and the scheme rules do not permit the
             assignment of a member’s interest under the scheme; and

         (ii) financial products or services that provide appropriately defined and
              limited services to certain types of customers (e.g. to increase customer
              access for financial inclusion purposes).









8     Notice Paragraph 8 – Enhanced Customer Due Diligence

8-1   Where the ML/TF risks are identified to be higher, a CMI shall take enhanced
      CDD (“ECDD”) measures to mitigate and manage those risks.

8-2   Examples of potentially higher risk categories under paragraph 8.7 of the Notice
      include ―

      (a) Customer risk

          (i) customers from higher risk businesses / activities / sectors identified in
              Singapore’s NRA, as well as other higher risk businesses / activities /
              sectors identified by the CMI;

          (ii) the ownership structure of the legal person or arrangement appears
               unusual or excessively complex given the nature of the legal person’s or
               legal arrangement’s business;

          (iii) legal persons or legal arrangements that are personal asset holding
                vehicles;

          (iv) the business relations is conducted under unusual circumstances (e.g.
               significant unexplained geographic distance between the CMI and the
               customer);

          (v) companies that have nominee shareholders or shares in bearer form;
              and

          (vi) cash-intensive businesses.

      (b) Country or geographic risk

          (i) countries or jurisdictions the CMI is exposed to, either through its own
              activities (including where its branches and subsidiaries operate in) or the
              activities of its customers (including the CMI’s network of correspondent
              account relationships) which have relatively higher levels of corruption,
              organised crime or inadequate AML/CFT measures, as identified by the
              FATF; and

          (ii) countries identified by credible bodies (e.g. reputable international bodies
               such as Transparency International) as having significant levels of
               corruption, terrorism financing or other criminal activity.

      (c) Product, service, transaction or delivery channel risk

          (i) anonymous transactions (which may involve cash); and

          (ii) frequent payments received from unknown or unassociated third parties.






8-3     When considering the ML/TF risks presented by a country or jurisdiction, a CMI
        should take into account, where appropriate, variations in ML/TF risks across
        different regions or areas within a country.


        Notice Paragraph 8.1

8-4     Politically Exposed Persons (“PEPs”) Definitions

8-4-1   The definitions in paragraph 8.1 of the Notice are drawn from the FATF
        Recommendations. The definition of PEPs is not intended to cover middle-
        ranking or more junior individuals in the categories listed.

8-4-2   In the context of Singapore, domestic PEPs should include at least all
        Government Ministers, Members of Parliament, Nominated Members of
        Parliament and Non-Constituency Members of Parliament.

8-4-3   When determining whether a person is a “close associate” of a PEP, the CMI
        may consider factors such as the level of influence the PEP has on such a
        person or the extent of his exposure to the PEP. The CMI may rely on
        information available from public sources and information obtained through
        customer interaction.

8-4-4   With reference to paragraph 8.1 of the Notice, examples of an “international
        organisation” include the United Nations and affiliated agencies such as the
        International Maritime Organisation and the International Monetary Fund;
        regional international organisations such as the Asian Development Bank,
        Association of Southeast Asian Nations Secretariat, institutions of the European
        Union, the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe; military
        international organisations such as the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation; and
        economic organisations such as the World Trade Organisation or the Asia-Pacific
        Economic Cooperation Secretariat.

8-4-5   Examples of persons who are or have been entrusted with prominent functions
        by an international organisation are members of senior management such as
        directors, deputy directors and members of the board or equivalent functions.
        Other than relying on the information from a customer, the CMI may consider
        information from public sources in determining whether a person has been or is
        entrusted with prominent functions by an international organisation.


        Notice Paragraphs 8.2 to 8.4

8-5     PEPs

8-5-1   If a CMI determines that any natural person appointed to act on behalf of a
        customer or any connected party of a customer is a PEP, the CMI should assess
        the ML/TF risks presented and consider factors such as the level of influence that
        the PEP has on the customer. CMI should consider factors such as whether the





        PEP is able to exercise substantial influence over the customer, to determine the
        overall ML/TF risks presented by the customer. Where the customer presents
        higher ML/TF risks, the CMI should apply ECDD measures on the customer
        accordingly.

8-5-2   It is generally acceptable for a CMI to refer to commercially available databases
        to identify PEPs. However, a CMI should also obtain from the customer details of
        his occupation and the name of his employer. In addition, a CMI should consider
        other non-public information that the CMI is aware of. A CMI shall exercise sound
        judgment in identifying any PEP, having regard to the risks and the
        circumstances.

8-5-3   In relation to paragraph 8.3(a) of the Notice, the approval shall be obtained from
        senior management. Inputs should also be obtained from the CMI’s AML/CFT
        compliance function.

8-5-4   In relation to paragraph 8.3(b) of the Notice, a CMI may refer to information
        sources such as asset and income declarations, which some jurisdictions expect
        certain senior public officials to file and which often include information about an
        official’s source of wealth and current business interests. A CMI should note that
        not all declarations are publicly available. A CMI should also be aware that
        certain jurisdictions impose restrictions on their PEPs’ ability to hold foreign
        investment accounts, to hold other office or paid employment.

8-5-5   Source of wealth generally refers to the origin of the customer’s and beneficial
        owner’s entire body of wealth (i.e. total assets). This relates to how the customer
        and beneficial owner of the customer have acquired the wealth which is distinct
        from identifying the assets that they own. Source of wealth information should
        give an indication about the size of wealth the customer and beneficial owner
        would be expected to have, and how the customer and beneficial owner acquired
        the wealth. Although the CMI may not have specific information about assets that
        are not deposited with or processed by the CMI, it may be possible to obtain
        general information from the customer, commercial databases or other open
        sources. Examples of appropriate and reasonable means of establishing source
        of wealth are information and documents such as evidence of title, copies of trust
        deeds, audited accounts, salary details, tax returns and bank statements.

8-5-6   Source of funds refers to the origin of the particular funds or other assets which
        are the subject of the establishment of business relations (e.g. the amounts being
        invested, deposited, or wired as part of the business relations). In order to ensure
        that the funds are not proceeds of crime, the CMI should not limit its source of
        funds inquiry to identifying the other FI from which the funds have been
        transferred, but more importantly, the activity that generated the funds. The
        information obtained should be substantive and facilitate the establishment of the
        provenance of the funds or reason for the funds having been acquired. Examples
        of appropriate and reasonable means of establishing source of funds are
        information such as salary payments or sale proceeds.







8-5-7    Based on its risk assessment of the PEP, a CMI should consider whether the
         information regarding source of wealth and source of funds should be
         corroborated. In relation to paragraph 8.3(b) of the Notice, examples of
         “appropriate and reasonable means” for establishing source of wealth or source
         of funds are financial statements of the legal person or legal arrangement owned
         or controlled by the PEP, site visits, a copy of the will (in cases where the source
         of wealth or funds is an inheritance), and conveyancing documents (in cases
         where the source of wealth or funds is a sale of property).

8-5-8    In relation to paragraph 8.3 of the Notice, other ECDD measures that may be
         performed include ―

         (a) requiring the first payment to be carried out through an account in the
             customer’s name with another FI subject to similar or equivalent CDD
             standards;

         (b) using public sources of information (e.g. websites) to gain a better
             understanding of the reputation of the customer or any beneficial owner of a
             customer. Where the CMI finds information containing allegations of
             wrongdoing by a customer or a beneficial owner of a customer, the CMI
             should assess how this affects the level of risk associated with the business
             relations;

         (c) commissioning external intelligence reports where it is not possible for a CMI
             to easily obtain information through public sources or where there are doubts
             about the reliability of public information.

8-5-9    In relation to paragraphs 8.4(a) and (b) of the Notice, where the CMI assesses
         that the business relations or transactions with a domestic PEP or an
         international organisation PEP do not present higher ML/TF risks and that
         therefore ECDD measures need not be applied, the CMI shall nevertheless apply
         measures under paragraph 6 of the Notice on the customer. However, where
         changes in events, circumstances or other factors lead to the CMI’s assessment
         that that the business relations or transactions with the customer present higher
         ML/TF risks, the CMI should review its risk assessment and apply ECDD
         measures.

8-5-10   While domestic PEPs and international organisation PEPs may be subject to a
         risk-based approach, it does not preclude such persons from presenting the
         same ML/TF risks as a foreign PEP.

8-5-11   With reference to paragraph 8.4(c) of the Notice, while the time elapsed since
         stepping down from a prominent public function is a relevant factor to consider
         when determining the level of influence a PEP continues to exercise, it should not
         be the sole determining factor. Other risk factors that the CMI should consider
         are ―

         (a) the seniority of the position that the individual previously held when he was a
             PEP; and






               (b) whether the individual’s previous PEP position and current function are linked
                   in any way (e.g. whether the ex-PEP was appointed to his current position or
                   function by his successor, or whether the ex-PEP continues to substantively
                   exercise the same powers in his current position or function).


               Notice Paragraphs 8.5 to 8.8

8-6            Other Higher Risk Categories

8-6-1          In relation to paragraph 8.7 of the Notice, a CMI may refer to the preceding
               paragraph 8-5-8 of these Guidelines for further guidance on the ECDD measures
               to be performed.

8-6-2          For customers highlighted in paragraph 8.6(a) of the Notice, a CMI shall assess
               them as presenting higher ML/TF risks. For such customers, the CMI shall
               ensure that the ECDD measures performed are commensurate with the risks.
               For customers highlighted in paragraph 8.6(b) of the Notice, a CMI shall assess
               whether any such customer presents a higher risk for ML/TF and ensure that the
               measures under paragraph 6 of the Notice, or ECDD measures where the CMI
               assesses the customer to present a higher risk for ML/TF, performed are
               commensurate with the risk.

8-6-3          With reference to paragraph 8.6(a) of the Notice, a CMI should refer to the FATF
               Public Statement on High Risk and Non-Cooperative Jurisdictions on which
               FATF has called for counter-measures3. FATF updates this Public Statement on
               a periodic basis and CMIs should regularly refer to the FATF website for the
               latest updates4.

8-6-4          For higher risk business (e.g. private banking business and wealth management
               for high net worth individuals) which inherently presents higher ML/TF risks, a
               CMI should, regardless of the CMI’s internal risk classification of the customer,
               refer to the sound practices highlighted in the MAS Information Paper, “Guidance
               on Private Banking Controls”5. Such practices include ensuring that –

               (a) information obtained on the source of wealth of the customers and beneficial
                   owners should be independently corroborated against documentary evidence
                   or public information sources;

               (b) parties screened should include operating companies and individual
                   benefactors contributing to the customer’s and beneficial owner’s wealth/
                   funds;

3
    http://www.fatf-gafi.org/topics/high-riskandnon-cooperativejurisdictions/
4
    The link to the FATF website is as follows: http://www.fatf-gafi.org/
5
  http://www.mas.gov.sg/news-and-publications/monographs-and-information-papers/2014/guidance-on-private-banking-
controls.aspx






        (c) the CMI conducts periodic reviews of such customers; and

        (d) where the CMI is aware of customers having a common beneficial owner or a
            customer having multiple accounts with the CMI, the CMI should scrutinise
            transactions of these customer accounts holistically to better identify
            suspicious, complex, unusually large or unusual patterns of transactions, and
            perform periodic reviews on a consolidated basis.

8-6-5   For the purposes of paragraph 8.8 of the Notice, regulations issued by the
        Authority include the Regulations relating to the freezing of assets of persons and
        sanctioning of persons.

8-6-6   With regard to tax and other serious crimes, as a preventive measure, CMIs are
        expected to reject a prospective customer where there are reasonable grounds to
        suspect that the customer’s assets are the proceeds of serious crimes, including
        wilful and fraudulent tax evasion. Where there are grounds for suspicion in an
        existing customer relationship, CMIs should conduct enhanced monitoring and
        where appropriate, discontinue the relationship. If the CMI is inclined to retain the
        customer, approval shall be obtained from senior management with the
        substantiating reasons properly documented, and the account subjected to close
        monitoring and commensurate risk mitigation measures. This requirement
        applies to serious foreign tax offences, even if the foreign offence is in relation to
        the type of tax for which an equivalent obligation does not exist in Singapore.
        Examples of tax crime related suspicious transactions are set out in Appendix B
        of these Guidelines.









9     Notice Paragraph 9 – Reliance on Third Parties

9-1   Paragraph 9 does not apply to outsourcing. Third party reliance under paragraph
      9 of the Notice is different from an outsourcing arrangement or agreement.

9-2   In a third party reliance scenario, the third party will typically have an existing
      relationship with the customer that is independent of the relationship to be formed
      by the customer with the relying CMI. The third party will therefore perform the
      CDD measures on the customer according to its own AML/CFT policies,
      procedures and controls.

9-3   In contrast to a third party reliance scenario, the outsourced service provider
      performs the CDD measures (e.g. performs centralised transaction monitoring
      functions) on behalf of the CMI, in accordance with the CMI’s AML/CFT policies,
      procedures and standards, and is subject to the CMI’s control measures to
      effectively implement the CMI’s AML/CFT procedures.

9-4   The CMI may take a variety of measures, where applicable, to satisfy the
      requirements in paragraphs 9.2(a) and 9.2(b) of the Notice, including ―

      (a) referring to any independent and public assessment of the overall AML/CFT
          regime to which the third party is subject, such as the FATF or FSRBs’
          Mutual Evaluation reports and the IMF / World Bank Financial Sector
          Assessment Programme Reports / Reports on the Observance of Standards
          and Codes;

      (b) referring to any publicly available reports or material on the quality of that
          third party’s compliance with applicable AML/CFT rules;

      (c) obtaining professional advice as to the extent of AML/CFT obligations to
          which the third party is subject to with respect to the laws of the jurisdiction in
          which the third party operates;

      (d) examining the AML/CFT laws in the jurisdiction where the third party
          operates and determining its comparability with the AML/CFT laws of
          Singapore;

      (e) reviewing the policies and procedures of the third party.

9-5   The reference to “documents” in paragraph 9.2(d) of the Notice includes a
      reference to the underlying CDD-related documents and records obtained by the
      third party to support the CDD measures performed (e.g. copies of identification
      information, CDD/Know Your Customer forms). Where these documents and
      records are kept by the third party, the CMI should obtain an undertaking from
      the third party to keep all underlying CDD-related documents and records for at
      least five years following the termination of the CMI’s business relations with the
      customer or the completion of transactions undertaken.







9-6   Paragraph 9.3 of the Notice prohibits the CMI from relying on the third party to
      carry out ongoing monitoring. Paragraph 9.3 of the Notice on ongoing monitoring
      should be read with the ongoing monitoring requirements in Part (VI) of
      paragraph 6 of the Notice.

9-7   For the avoidance of doubt, paragraph 9 of the Notice does not prevent the CMI
      from outsourcing a part of the ongoing monitoring processes. A CMI may
      outsource the first-level review of alerts from the transaction monitoring systems,
      or sanctions reviews, to another party. However, the CMI remains responsible for
      complying with ongoing monitoring requirements under the Notice.









 10          Notice Paragraph 10 – Correspondent Accounts

 10-1        CMIs should note that the requirements under paragraph 10 of the Notice are in
             addition to performing measures set out under paragraph 6 of the Notice.

 10-2        A CMI may provide correspondent account services for financial institutions
             around the world. An example of a correspondent account service is where a
             securities firm outside Singapore opens a securities trading account with a CMI in
             Singapore, to trade on its own behalf or for its customers.

 10-3        After a CMI obtains adequate information as required by paragraph 10.3(a) of the
             Notice to establish a correspondent account relationship, such information should
             continue to be updated on a periodic basis thereafter.

 10-4        Other factors that a CMI should consider in complying with paragraph 10.3(a) of
             the Notice include ―

             (a) the business group to which the respondent FI belongs, country of
                 incorporation, and the countries or jurisdictions in which subsidiaries and
                 branches of the group are located;

             (b) information about the respondent FI’s management and ownership,
                 reputation, major business activities, target markets, customer base and their
                 locations;

             (c) the purpose of the services provided to the respondent FI and expected
                 business volume; and

             (d) the potential use of the account by other respondent FIs in a “nested”
                 correspondent account relationship6; the CMI should review the risks posed
                 by such “nested” relationships.

10-5         To assess the ML/TF risk associated with a particular country or jurisdiction as
             required by paragraph 10.3(a)(iii) of the Notice, a CMI may rely on information
             from the FATF mutual evaluation reports and statements on countries or
             jurisdictions identified as either being subject to countermeasures or having
             strategic AML/CFT deficiencies, mutual evaluation reports by FSRBs, publicly
             available information from national authorities and any restrictive measures
             imposed on a country, particularly prohibitions on providing correspondent
             account services.

 10-6        For correspondent account relationships established with a CMI’s related entities,
             the appropriate level of measures as required under paragraphs 6 and 10 of the
             Notice should be applied, bearing in mind that the risk profiles of individual
             entities within the same financial group could differ significantly. The CMI should
             take into consideration the parent financial institution’s level of oversight and
 6
   Nested correspondent account services refer to the use of a CMI’s correspondent account relationship by a number of
 respondent FIs through their relationships with the CMI’s direct respondent FI, to conduct transactions and obtain access
 to other financial services.





        control over these related entities, and other risk factors unique to the entities
        such as their customers and products, the legal and regulatory environment they
        operate in, and sanctions by authorities for AML/CFT lapses.

10-7    The CDD process should result in a thorough understanding of the ML/TF risks
        arising from a relationship with the respondent FI. It should not be treated as a
        “form-filling” exercise. A CMI’s assessment of the respondent FI may be
        enhanced through meetings with the respondent FI’s management and
        compliance head, capital markets and AML/CFT regulators.

10-8    A CMI may apply a risk-based approach in complying with the requirements set
        out in paragraph 10 of the Notice, but should be mindful that correspondent
        account relationships generally present higher ML/TF risks.

10-9    If a CMI provides correspondent account services to its related respondent FIs
        within the same financial group, the CMI should ensure that it still assesses the
        ML/TF risks presented by its related respondent FI.

10-10   Where the head office of the financial group is incorporated in Singapore, it
        should monitor the correspondent account relationships between the CMI and
        related respondent FIs in its financial group, and ensure that adequate
        information sharing mechanisms within the financial group are in place.

10-11   For the purposes of paragraph 10 of the Notice, a CMI should take into account,
        for example, any sanctions imposed by relevant authorities on a respondent FI
        for failing to have adequate controls against ML/TF activities.

10-12   In assessing whether a CMI or FI falls within the meaning of “shell FI” for the
        purposes of paragraph 10 of the Notice, a CMI should note that physical
        presence means meaningful mind and management located within a country.
        The existence simply of a local agent or low-level employees does not constitute
        physical presence.









13          Notice Paragraph 13 – Suspicious Transactions Reporting

13-1        A CMI should ensure that the internal process for evaluating whether a matter
            should be referred to the Suspicious Transaction Reporting Office (“STRO”) via
            an STR is completed without delay and should not exceed 15 business days of
            the case being referred by the relevant CMI employee, officer or representative,
            unless the circumstances are exceptional or extraordinary.

13-2        A CMI should note that an STR filed with STRO would also meet the reporting
            obligations under the TSOFA.

13-3        Examples of suspicious transactions are set out in Appendix B of these
            Guidelines. These examples are not intended to be exhaustive and are only
            examples of the most basic ways in which money may be laundered or used for
            TF purposes. Identification of suspicious transactions should prompt further
            enquiries and where necessary, investigations into the source of funds. A CMI
            should also consider filing an STR if there is any adverse news on its customers
            in relation to financial crimes. A transaction or activity may not be suspicious at
            the time, but if suspicions are raised later, an obligation to report then arises.

13-4        Once suspicion has been raised in relation to a customer or any transaction for
            that customer, in addition to reporting the suspicious activity, a CMI should
            ensure that appropriate action is taken to adequately mitigate the risk of the CMI
            being used for ML/TF activities. This may include strengthening its AML/CFT
            processes. This may also include a review of either the risk classification of the
            customer, or the business relations with the customer. Appropriate action should
            be taken, including escalating the issue to the appropriate decision making level,
            taking into account any other relevant factors, such as cooperation with law
            enforcement agencies.

13-5        STR reporting templates are available on CAD’s website7. However, CMIs are
            strongly encouraged to use the online system provided by STRO to lodge STRs.
            In the event that the CMI is of the view that STRO should be informed on an
            urgent basis, particularly where a transaction is known to be part of an ongoing
            investigation by the relevant authorities, the CMI should give initial notification to
            STRO by telephone or email and follow up with such other means of reporting as
            STRO may direct.

13-6        A CMI should document all transactions that have been brought to the attention
            of its AML/CFT compliance function, including transactions that are not reported
            to STRO. To ensure that there is proper accountability for decisions made, the
            basis for not submitting STRs for any suspicious transactions escalated by its
            employees, officers and representatives should be properly substantiated and
            documented.



7
    The website address as at 24 April         2015:   http://www.cad.gov.sg/aml-cft/suspicious-transaction-reporting-
    office/suspicious-transaction-reporting.





13-7   CMIs are reminded to read paragraph 13.4 of the Notice together with
       paragraphs 6.35 and 6.36 of the Notice. Where a CMI stops performing CDD
       measures as permitted under paragraph 13.4 and is, as a result, unable to
       complete CDD measures (as specified under paragraph 6.36), the CMI is
       reminded that it shall not commence or continue business relations with that
       customer or undertake any transaction for that customer.









14       Notice Paragraph 14 – Internal Policies, Compliance, Audit and Training

14-1     As internal policies and procedures serve to guide employees, officers and
         representatives in ensuring compliance with AML/CFT laws and regulations, it is
         important that a CMI updates its policies and procedures in a timely manner, to
         take into account new operational, legal and regulatory developments and
         emerging or new ML/TF risks.


         Notice Paragraphs 14.3 to 14.9

14-2     Group Policy

14-2-1   For the avoidance of doubt, Singapore branches of CMIs incorporated outside
         Singapore need not comply with paragraphs 14.3 to 14.9 of the Notice.
         Paragraphs 14.3 to 14.9 of the Notice are intended to be applied by a CMI
         incorporated in Singapore to its branches and subsidiaries, but not to its parent
         entity and the CMI’s other related corporations.

14-2-2   In relation to paragraph 14.6 of the Notice, examples of the types of information
         that should be shared within the financial group for risk management purposes
         are positive name matches arising from screening performed against ML/TF
         information sources, a list of customers who have been exited by the CMI, its
         branches and subsidiaries based on suspicion of ML/TF and names of parties on
         whom STRs have been filed. Such information should be shared by a branch or
         subsidiary of a CMI incorporated in Singapore with the CMI’s group level
         compliance, audit, and AML/CFT functions (whether in or outside Singapore), for
         risk management purposes.


         Notice Paragraphs 14.10 to 14.11

14-3     Compliance

14-3-1   A CMI should ensure that the AML/CFT compliance officer has the necessary
         seniority and authority within the CMI to effectively perform his responsibilities.

14-3-2   The responsibilities of the AML/CFT compliance officer should include ―

         (a) carrying out, or overseeing the carrying out of, ongoing monitoring of
             business relations and sample review of accounts for compliance with the
             Notice and these Guidelines;

         (b) promoting compliance with the Notice and these Guidelines, as well as MAS
             Regulations issued under section 27A of the MAS Act, and taking overall
             charge of all AML/CFT matters within the organisation;

         (c) informing employees, officers and representatives promptly of regulatory
             changes;






         (d) ensuring a speedy and appropriate reaction to any matter in which ML/TF is
             suspected;

         (e) reporting, or overseeing the reporting of, suspicious transactions;

         (f) advising and training employees, officers and representatives on developing
             and implementing internal policies, procedures and controls on AML/CFT;

         (g) reporting to senior management on the outcome of reviews of the CMI’s
             compliance with the Notice and these Guidelines, as well as MAS
             Regulations issued under section 27A of the MAS Act and risk assessment
             procedures; and

         (h) reporting regularly on key AML/CFT risk management and control issues
             (including information outlined in paragraph 1-4-16 of the Guidelines), and
             any necessary remedial actions, arising from audit, inspection, and
             compliance reviews, to the CMI’s senior management, and in the case of
             locally incorporated CMIs, to the board of directors, at least annually and as
             and when needed.

14-3-3   The business interests of a CMI should not interfere with the effective discharge
         of the above-mentioned responsibilities of the AML/CFT compliance officer, and
         potential conflicts of interest should be avoided. To enable unbiased judgments
         and facilitate impartial advice to management, the AML/CFT compliance officer
         should, for example, be distinct from the internal audit and business line
         functions. Where any conflicts between business lines and the responsibilities of
         the AML/CFT compliance officer arise, procedures should be in place to ensure
         that AML/CFT concerns are objectively considered and addressed at the
         appropriate level of the CMI’s management.


         Notice Paragraph 14.12

14-4     Audit

14-4-1   A CMI’s AML/CFT framework should be subject to periodic audits (including
         sample testing). Such audits should be performed not just on individual business
         functions but also on a CMI-wide basis. Auditors should assess the effectiveness
         of measures taken to prevent ML/TF. This would include, among others ―

         (a) determining the adequacy of the CMI’s AML/CFT policies, procedures and
             controls, ML/TF risk assessment framework and application of risk-based
             approach;

         (b) reviewing the content and frequency of AML/CFT training programmes, and
             the extent of employees’, officers’ and representatives’ compliance with
             established AML/CFT policies and procedures; and






         (c) assessing whether instances of non-compliance are reported to senior
             management on a timely basis.

14-4-2   The frequency and extent of the audit should be commensurate with the ML/TF
         risks presented and the size and complexity of the CMI’s business.


         Notice Paragraph 14.13

14-5     Employee and Representative Hiring

14-5-1   The screening procedures applied when a CMI in Singapore                        hires
         employees, and appoints officers and representatives should include ―

         (a) background checks with past employers;

         (b) screening against ML/TF information sources; and

         (c) bankruptcy searches.

14-5-2   In addition, a CMI should conduct credit history checks, on a risk-based
         approach, when hiring employees, and appointing officers and representatives.


         Notice Paragraph 14.14

14-6     Training

14-6-1   As stated in paragraph 14.14 of the Notice, it is a CMI’s responsibility to provide
         adequate training for its employees, officers and representatives so that they are
         adequately trained to implement its AML/CFT policies and procedures. The
         scope and frequency of training should be tailored to the specific risks faced by
         the CMI and pitched according to the job functions, responsibilities and
         experience of the employees, officers and representatives. New employees,
         officers and representatives should be required to attend training as soon as
         possible after being hired or appointed.

14-6-2   Apart from the initial training, a CMI should also provide refresher training at least
         once every two years, or more regularly as appropriate, to ensure that
         employees, officers and representatives are reminded of their responsibilities and
         are kept informed of new developments related to ML/TF. A CMI should maintain
         the training records for audit purposes.

14-6-3   A CMI should monitor the effectiveness of the training provided to its employees,
         officers and representatives. This may be achieved by ―

         (a) testing employees’, officers’ and representatives’ understanding of the CMI’s
             policies and procedures to combat ML/TF, their obligations under relevant
             laws and regulations, and their ability to recognise suspicious transactions;






      (b) monitoring employees’, officers’ and representatives’ compliance with the
          CMI’s AML/CFT policies, procedures and controls as well as the quality and
          quantity of internal reports so that further training needs may be identified
          and appropriate action taken; and

      (c) monitoring attendance and following up with employees, officers and
          representatives who miss such training without reasonable cause.









I             Other Key Topics - Guidance to CMIs on Proliferation Financing

I-1           Overview

I-1-1         MAS issues Regulations under section 27A of the MAS Act in order to discharge
              or facilitate the discharge of any obligation binding on Singapore by virtue of a
              United Nations Security Council Resolution (“UNSCR”) 8 . These Regulations
              apply to all FIs (including CMIs) regulated by MAS and generally impose financial
              sanctions on designated persons.

I-1-2         Specifically, a UNSCR may designate certain individuals and entities involved in
              the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and its financing. The relevant
              information and full listings of persons designated by UNSCRs can be found on
              the UN website9.

I-1-3         MAS has given effect to UNSCRs as listed by the FATF Recommendations
              (2012) to be relevant to combating proliferation financing by issuing Regulations.
              Examples of such Regulations are the MAS (Sanctions and Freezing of Assets of
              Persons – Iran) Regulations 2007, MAS (Freezing of Assets of Persons –
              Democratic People’s Republic of Korea) Regulations 2009 and MAS (Sanctions
              – Democratic People’s Republic of Korea) Regulations 2009.

I-1-4         A CMI should rely on its CDD measures (including screening measures) under
              the Notice to detect and prevent proliferation financing activities and
              transactions.

I-1-5         A CMI should also ensure compliance with legal instruments issued by MAS
              relating to proliferation financing risks. An example is the MAS Notice on
              Prohibition on Transactions with the Iranian Government and with Iranian
              Financial Institutions.


I-2           CDD and Internal Controls

I-2-1         It is important to ensure that name screening by a CMI, as required under the
              Notice, is performed against the latest UN listings as they are updated from time
              to time. A CMI should have in place policies, procedures and controls to
              continuously monitor the listings and take necessary follow-up action within a
              reasonable period of time, as required under the applicable laws and regulations.

I-2-2         A CMI should also have policies and procedures to detect attempts by its
              employees, officers or representatives to circumvent the applicable laws and
              regulations (including MAS Regulations), such as―



8
 Please refer to the MAS website for a full listing of Regulations issued by MAS pursuant to the United Nations Security
Council Resolutions.
9
    Please see: http://www.un.org/sc/committees/1718 and http://www.un.org/sc/committees/1737.





           (a) omitting, deleting or altering information in payment messages for the
               purpose of avoiding detection of that information by the CMI itself or other
               CMIs involved in the payment process; and

           (b) structuring transactions with the purpose of concealing the involvement of
               designated persons.

I-2-3      A CMI should have policies and procedures to prevent such attempts, and take
           appropriate measures against such employees, officers and representatives.


I-3        Obligation of CMI to Freeze without Delay

I-3-1      A CMI is reminded of its obligations under the MAS Regulations issued under
           section 27A of the MAS Act10 to immediately freeze any funds, financial assets or
           economic resources owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by designated
           persons that the CMI has in its possession, custody or control. The CMI should
           also file an STR in such cases.


I-4        Potential Indicators of Proliferation Financing

I-4-1      A CMI should develop indicators that would alert it to customers and transactions
           (actual or proposed) that are possibly associated with proliferation financing-
           related activities, including indicators such as whether ―

           (a) the customer is vague and resistant to providing additional information when
               asked;

           (b) the customer’s activity does not match its business profile or the end-user
               information does not match the end-user’s business profile;

           (c) the transaction involves designated persons;

           (d) the transaction involves higher risk countries or jurisdictions which are known
               to be involved in proliferation of weapons of mass destruction or proliferation
               financing activities;

           (e) the transaction involves other FIs with known deficiencies in AML/CFT
               controls or controls for combating proliferation financing;

           (f) the transaction involves possible shell companies (e.g. companies that do
               not have a high level of capitalisation or display other shell company
               indicators);



10
  Please refer to the following link for the relevant MAS ML/TF Regulations - http://www.mas.gov.sg/Regulations-and-
Financial-Stability/Anti-Money-Laundering-Countering-The-Financing-Of-Terrorism-And-Targeted-Financial-
Sanctions/Targeted-Financial-Sanctions/MAS-Regulations.aspx





        (g) the transaction involves containers whose numbers have been changed or
            ships that have been renamed;

        (h) the shipment of goods takes a circuitous route or the financial transaction is
            structured in a circuitous manner;

        (i) the transaction involves the shipment of goods inconsistent with normal
            geographic trade patterns (e.g. the country involved would not normally
            export or import such goods);

        (j) the transaction involves the shipment of goods incompatible with the
            technical level of the country to which goods are being shipped (e.g.
            semiconductor manufacturing equipment shipped to a country with no
            electronics industry); or

        (k) there are inconsistencies in the information provided in trade documents and
            financial flows (e.g. in the names, companies, addresses, ports of call and
            final destination).


I-5     Other Sources of Guidance on Proliferation Financing

I-5-1   The FATF has also provided guidance on measures to combat proliferation
        financing and a CMI may wish to refer to the FATF website for additional
        information.









II    Useful Links

      Financial Action Task Force (“FATF”): http://www.fatf-gafi.org/
      The International Organization of Securities Commissions: http://www.iosco.org/



                              ………………………….









APPENDIX A – Examples of CDD Information for Customers (Including Legal
      Persons/ Arrangements)

Customer Type          Examples of CDD Information
Sole proprietorships    Full registered business name
                        Business address or principal place of business
                        Information about the purpose and intended nature of
                         the business relations with the CMI
                        Names of all natural persons who act on behalf of the
                         sole proprietor (where applicable)
                        Name of the sole proprietor
                        Information about the source of funds
                        A report of the CMI’s visit to the customer’s place of
                         business, where the CMI assesses it as necessary
                        Structure of the sole proprietor’s business (where
                         applicable)
                        Records in an independent company registry or
                         evidence of business registration

Partnerships     and  Full Name of entity
unincorporated bodies  Business Address or principal place of business
                       Information about the purpose and intended nature of
                        the business relations with the CMI
                       Names of all natural persons who act on behalf of the
                        entity
                       Names of all connected parties
                       Names of all beneficial owners
                       Information about the source of funds
                       A report of the CMI’s visit to customer’s place of
                        business, where the CMI assesses it as necessary
                       Ownership and control structure
                       Records in an independent company registry
                       Partnership deed
                       The customer’s membership with a relevant
                        professional body
                       Any association the entity may have with other
                        countries or jurisdictions (e.g. the location of the
                        entity’s headquarters, operating facilities, branches,
                        subsidiaries)

Companies               Full name of entity
                        Business address or principal place of business
                        Information about the purpose and intended nature of
                         the business relations with the CMI
                        Names of all natural persons who act on behalf of the
                         entity
                        Names of all connected parties





Customer Type             Examples of CDD Information
                           Names of all beneficial owners
                           Information about the source of funds
                           A report of the CMI’s visit to the customer’s place of
                            business, where the CMI assesses it as necessary
                           Ownership and control structure
                           Records in an independent company registry
                           Certificate of incumbency, certificate of good
                            standing, share register, as appropriate
                           Memorandum and Articles of Association
                           Certificate of Incorporation
                           Board resolution authorising the opening of the
                            customer’s account with the CMI
                           Any association the entity may have with other
                            countries or jurisdictions (e.g. the location of the
                            entity’s headquarters, operating facilities, branches,
                            subsidiaries)

Public sector bodies,      Full name of entity
government,      state-    Nature of entity (e.g. overseas government, treaty
owned      companies        organisation)
and     supranationals     Business address or principal place of business
(other than sovereign      Information about the purpose and intended nature of
wealth funds)               the business relations with the CMI
                           Name of the home state authority and nature of its
                            relationship with its home state authority
                           Names of all natural persons who act on behalf of the
                            entity
                           Names of all connected parties
                           Information about the source of funds
                           Ownership and control structure
                           A report of the CMI’s visit to the customer’s place of
                            business, where the CMI assesses it as necessary
                           Board resolution authorising the opening of the
                            customer’s account with the CMI

Clubs, Societies and  Full name of entity
Charities             Business address or principal place of business
                      Information about the purpose and intended nature of
                       business relations with the CMI
                      Information about the nature of the entity’s activities
                       and objectives
                      Names of all trustees (or equivalent)
                      Names of all natural persons who act on behalf of the
                       entity
                      Names of all connected parties
                      Names of all beneficial owners





Customer Type           Examples of CDD Information
                         Information about the source of funds
                         A report of the CMI’s visit to the customer’s place of
                          business, where the CMI assesses it as necessary
                         Ownership and control structure
                         Constitutional document
                         Certificate of registration
                         Committee/Board resolution authorising the opening
                          of the customer’s account with the CMI
                         Records in a relevant and independent registry in the
                          country of establishment

Trusts   and    Other    Full name of entity
Similar Arrangements     Business address or principal place of business
(e.g.    Foundations,    Information about the nature, purpose and objectives
Fiducie,    Treuhand      of the entity (e.g. discretionary, testamentary)
and Fideicomiso)         Names of all natural persons who act on behalf of the
                          entity
                         Names of all connected parties
                         Names of all beneficial owners
                         Information about the source of funds
                         A report of the CMI’s visit to the customer’s place of
                          business, where the CMI assesses it as necessary
                         Information about the purpose and intended nature of
                          business relations with the CMI
                         Records in a relevant and independent registry in the
                          country or jurisdiction of constitution
                         Country or jurisdiction of constitution
                         Trust deed
                         Names of the settlors/trustees/beneficiaries or any
                          person who has power over the disposition of any
                          property that is subject to the trust
                         Declaration of trusts
                         Deed of retirement and appointment of trustees
                          (where applicable)









APPENDIX B – Examples of Suspicious Transactions

B-1         General Comments

B-1-1       The list of situations given below is intended to highlight some basic ways in
            which money may be laundered or used for TF purposes. While each individual
            situation may not be sufficient to suggest that ML/TF is taking place, a
            combination of such situations may be indicative of a suspicious transaction. The
            list is not exhaustive and will require constant updating and adaptation to
            changing circumstances and new methods of laundering money or financing
            terrorism. The list is intended solely as an aid, and must not be applied as a
            routine instrument in place of common sense.

B-1-2       The list is not exhaustive and may be updated due to changing circumstances
            and new methods of laundering money or financing terrorism. CMIs are to refer
            to STRO’s website for the latest list of red flags11.

B-1-3       A customer’s declarations regarding the background of such transactions should
            be checked for plausibility. Not every explanation offered by the customer can be
            accepted without scrutiny.

B-1-4       It is reasonable to suspect any customer who is reluctant to provide normal
            information and documents required routinely by the CMI in the course of the
            business relations. CMIs should pay attention to customers who provide minimal,
            false or misleading information, or when applying to open an account, provide
            information that is difficult or expensive for the CMI to verify.


B-2         Transactions Which Do Not Make Economic Sense

            i)      Transactions that cannot be reconciled with the usual activities of the
                    customer, for example switching from trading only penny stocks to
                    predominantly blue chips.

            ii)     A customer relationship with the CMI where a customer has a large
                    number of accounts with the same CMI, and has frequent transfers
                    between different accounts.

            iii)    Transactions in which assets are withdrawn immediately after being
                    deposited12, unless the customer’s business activities furnish a plausible
                    reason for immediate withdrawal.

            iv)     Transactions which, without plausible reason, result in the intensive use of
                    what was previously a relatively inactive account, such as a customer’s

11
    The website address as at 24           April   2015:   http://www.cad.gov.sg/aml-cft/suspicious-transaction-reporting-
office/suspicious-transaction-reporting.
12
  For CMIs, this could mean depositing of funds into trust accounts, margin accounts, as collaterals or for fund
management purposes.





              account which shows virtually no normal personal or business related
              activities but is used to receive or disburse unusually large sums which
              have no obvious purpose or relationship to the customer or his business.

      v)      Unexpected repayment of a delinquent account without any plausible
              explanation.

      vi)     Corporate finance transactions under consideration that do not make
              economic sense in respect of the business operations of the customer,
              particularly if the customer is not a listed company.

      vii)    Request by a customer for investment management services where the
              source of funds is unclear or not consistent with the customer’s apparent
              standing.

      viii)   Buying and selling of security with no discernible purpose or in
              circumstances which appear unusual.

      ix)     Large amounts of funds deposited into an account, which is inconsistent
              with the salary of the customer.


B-3   Transactions Involving Large Amounts of Cash

      i)      Frequent withdrawal of large cash amounts that do not appear to be
              justified by the customer’s business activity.

      ii)     Provision of funds for investment and fund management purposes in the
              form of large cash amounts.

      iii)    Customers making large and frequent cash deposits but cheques drawn
              on the accounts are mostly to individuals and firms not normally
              associated with their business.

      iv)     Large cash withdrawals from a previously dormant/inactive account, or
              from an account which has just received an unexpected large credit from
              abroad.

      v)      A large amount of cash is withdrawn and immediately deposited into
              another account.

      vi)     Provision of margin collaterals in the form of large cash amounts.

      vii)    Payments made via large amounts of cash. A guideline to what constitutes
              a large or substantial cash amount would be a cash amount exceeding
              S$20,000 (or its equivalent in any currency).

      viii)   Company transactions, both deposits and withdrawals, that are
              denominated by unusually large amounts of cash, rather than by way of





              debits and credits normally associated with the normal commercial
              operations of the company (e.g. cheques, letters of credit, bills of
              exchange).

      ix)     Crediting of customer trust or margin accounts using cash and by means
              of numerous credit slips by a customer such that the amount of each
              deposit is not substantial, but the total of which is substantial.

      x)      Payments or deposits containing counterfeit notes or forged instruments.

      xi)     Unusual settlements of securities transactions in cash form.


B-4   Transactions Involving CMIs’ Accounts

      i)      Substantial increases in deposits of cash or negotiable instruments by a
              professional firm or company, using customer accounts or in-house
              company or trust accounts, especially if the deposits are promptly
              transferred between other customer company and trust accounts.

      ii)     Transfers of funds from a company’s account to an individual account of
              an employee or persons related to the employee and vice-versa.

      iii)    Multiple depositors using a single account.

      iv)     Paying in large third party cheques endorsed in favour of the customer in
              settlement for securities purchased, or for other financial services
              provided.

      v)      Frequent deposits of a company’s cheques into an employee’s account.

      vi)     An account operated in the name of an offshore company with structured
              movement of funds.

      vii)    Purchase of securities to be held by the CMI in safe custody, where this
              does not appear appropriate given the customer’s apparent standing.

      viii)   Requests for refunds of unaccountable “erroneous” payments to CMIs’ or
              customers’ trust accounts by unknown persons.

      ix)     Transfers of funds from various third parties into an account, which is
              inconsistent with the nature of the customer’s business.


B-5   Transactions Involving Transfers Abroad

      i)      Large and regular payments that cannot be clearly identified as bona fide
              transactions, from and to countries or jurisdictions associated with (a) the






             production, processing or marketing of narcotics or other illegal drugs or
             (b) other criminal conduct.

      ii)    Cross border transactions involving acquisition or disposal of high value
             assets that cannot be clearly identified as bona fide transactions.

      iii)   Substantial increase in injection of funds by a customer without apparent
             cause, especially if such injections are subsequently transferred within a
             short period of time out of the account or to a destination not normally
             associated with the customer.

      iv)    Repeated transfers of large amounts of money abroad accompanied by
             the instruction to pay the beneficiary in cash.


B-6   Transactions Involving Unidentified Parties

      i)     Transfer of money to another CMI without indication of the beneficiary.

      ii)    Payment orders with inaccurate information concerning the person placing
             the orders.

      iii)   Use of pseudonyms or numbered accounts for effecting commercial
             transactions by enterprises active in trade and industry.

      iv)    Holding in trust of shares in an unlisted company whose activities cannot
             be ascertained by the CMI.

      v)     Provision of collateral by way of pledge or guarantee without any
             discernible plausible reason by third parties unknown to the CMI and who
             have no identifiable close relationship with the customer.

      vi)    Customers who wish to maintain a number of trustee or customers’
             accounts that do not appear consistent with their type of business,
             including transactions that involve nominee names.

      vii)   Requests by a customer for investment management services where the
             source of funds is unclear.


B-7   Tax Crimes Related Transactions

      i)     Negative tax-related reports from the media or other credible information
             sources.

      ii)    Unconvincing or unclear purpose or motivation for having accounts
             opened in Singapore.







      iii)    Originating sources of multiple or significant deposits/withdrawals are not
              consistent with the declared purpose of the account.

      iv)     Inability to reasonably justify frequent and large fund transfers from or to a
              country or jurisdiction that presents higher risk of tax evasion.

      v)      Reinvestment of funds back into the original country or jurisdiction after
              being transferred to another country or jurisdiction, often a tax haven with
              poor track record on CDD or record keeping requirements.

      vi)     Accounts managed by external asset managers who may not be
              adequately regulated and supervised.

      vii)    Purchase or sale of large amounts of precious metals by a customer which
              is not in line with his business or background.

      viii)   Purchase of bank cheques on a large scale by a customer.


B-8   Other Types of Transactions

      i)      Account activity is not commensurate with the customer’s known profile
              (e.g. age, occupation, income).

      ii)     The customer fails to reasonably justify the purpose of a transaction when
              queried by the CMI.

      iii)    Transactions with countries or entities that are reported to be associated
              with terrorism activities or with persons that have been designated as
              terrorists.

      iv)     Frequent changes to the address or authorised signatories.

      v)      A large amount of funds is received and immediately used as collateral for
              margining or financing facilities.

      vi)     When a young person (aged about 17-26) opens an account and either
              withdraws or transfers the funds within a short period, which could be an
              indication of terrorism financing.

      vii)    When a person receives funds from a religious or charitable organisation
              and utilises the funds for purchase of assets or transfers out the funds
              within a relatively short period.

      viii)   The customer uses intermediaries which are not subject to adequate
              AML/CFT laws.

      ix)     Transactions that are suspected to be in violation of another country’s or
              jurisdiction’s foreign exchange laws and regulations.

